If you were so rich you didn’t need to work and you don’t have to worry about money all the time, what would you do with your time?
What do you envy about your friend's life? What do you wish was in your life that is not?
Do you feel as though your dreams are realistic or far faretched?
If you were an evil person, what would be a reason you would want to torture someone?
If you could live forever, would you?
If you could buy a lacquer, what brand of nail polish would it be?
Would you rather go to the beach or on a hike and why?
What topics make you curious?
What do you believe is true, even though you cannot prove it?
Are you good at your job?
What snack do you keep by the bedside for late night cravings?
What is the worst thing about society as it stands, and what do you think should be done about it?
If you could ask the president of the United States one question what would it be?
What music, movie, or type of art do you enjoy?
How old were you about when you were your favourite?
What is something someone has taught you?
What is something you really dislike other people for?
What do you plan to do in the next 5 years?
If you had a time machine and somebody gave you three wishes, what would you wish for?
What do you think is the single best piece of advice that has had a positive impact on your life?
What's the most amazing experiment you've ever done?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
Who is someone you look up to but would never want to be like?
What are you going to buy with the money you've been saving?
What is one of your favorite NYC spots for nosh time?
What kind of mother do you wish you had been or do you think you've been?
What music is always in your ears (whether you like it or not)?
What movie do you know the most lines from?
Which fictional character do you most identify?
What would you say is your greatest strength?
If you could have your self written with three attributes, what would those be, and why?
If you could eat only one snack for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Can you tell me about your first kiss right now? That's probably a stretch but if there are no objections, I would love to hear about your first kiss and why it was special?
What gets you fired up excites or frustrates you? Think about what's worth fighting for or got a lot of weight on your shoulders?
What is a career you could be right now if you worked really hard but it didn't pay off?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What artist or music group from your city do you enjoy listening to?
What are you going to do this weekend?
If you could go back in time and talk to yourself 4 years ago, what would you tell you 4 years ago? How do you know that what they said was wrong or wrong?
What was the worst thing you have ever done in your life?
Do you consider yourself a risktaker?
What was your favorite TV show as a child?
What has been your biggest regret in life so far?
What’s your favorite book?
What book changed your life?
What everyday activity will your parents always find ridiculous if you were to do it?
What are you really worried about?
If you had to define success in one word, what would that word be, and why?
I'd like to read a loveetter that captures your heart... for one day!
Where are you if you have a $1000, and you can do whatever u want to do?
What was your favorite food as a child and what is it that you still crave or miss most?
What would you prefer to live in a world where people are immortal or a world where all the people die at the same time?
Favorites, airlines, or ride services?
Are you older than or younger than your parent(s)?
What would you name your first child?
When you are young, what future do you think you will be living in? – whether you are being born a few years before or a few years after?
What did you do this past weekend?
What do you think the end will look like?
What was an embarrassing event in your life that you almost talked to someone about?
If you could teach the world one thing, what would that be?
What do you hope to see in other people that makes them a good traveling companion?
If you could meet 3 people from history and save their domains in hypothetical capsules on ileos, who would they be?
If you could learn anything on the spot, what would it be?
What is something you made but never got around sharing with anyone else?
What did you do when grief/sadness/atonement first overcome you? And how did that turn out for you?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
When did something acquire the quality of nativity and break the laws of causality?
What are you interested in? Share with us exactly how you are interested in books?
What kind of problems are too weird to solve?
If there were two world powers and they were at war, what stuff would be allowed to fight with? What weapons would they have?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
What is the biggest regret of your life?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
How do you learn something that interests you?
What do you think would happen if drugs became illegal?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
If you could ask your cancer doctor anything you'd like, what would you ask?
What would the title of your perfect autobiography be?
How would "The Weather" affecft you?
What is your opinion on wearing cologne and perfume?
What is the first thing you do when you get home?
Why are you still using social media like Instagram and Facebook?
Is there something else about your personality that goes beyond your makeup?
If you were born again, what would you want to know about your previous existence and what would you like to do next time around?
What do you want to do before you die?
Who is the most generous person you know? If two strangers came up to you and gave you each $200, how fast would you spend it? All of it?
What are you grateful for in life?
If you had to spend the next 20 years doing manual labor, but in a career where no one else worked and there was always food at home, what would you do?
There are two kinds of violence: 1) Physical and 2) Mental: What is something you would do if you were constantly being shouted at or mocked/gaslighted? (some of us have been abused mentally to the point that emotion doesn't come out?)
What are some of your favorite music artists?
What is a piece of advice you would give to yourself?
What kind of person do you respect most?
What made you do something today that you did not have to do?
What got you into Coding?
What was something you really wanted to do when you were a kid, but just didn't get the chance?
What was your most intriguing relieving voyage?
Which do you think would be better for humans to be soft or if someone beat the hell out of them?
What is the craziest holiday you hate to see come around?
What are you proud of that you never brag about?
What is the best piece of technology you own that does not get outdated easily?
What is something you can do to stay healthy and fit?
Have you ever wanted to tell a secret but not tell?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
How did you find purpose and happiness in life?
Have you ever tried to be a hero? What kind of hero could you become if you could be invisible while moving like a fly?
How life could be like if we don't have '9 planets (science feature of Coursera course Thinkx Chapter 15).
Tell me something that no one knows about you.
Buy a pair of shoes, this may be the last time you will ever buy them for yourself.
describe a time when someone is innocent, about which you have aclose call; think of as many details as you can.
What can your day look like if no one is telling you what to do?
Which teacher in school did you like the most?
Did you believe in Santa Claus as a child?
What most accurately describes your current job?
What is a thing most people do, but doesn't think about?
How do you plan for something that you have no control over?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
Who would you like to thank and how are they supporting you?
How do you go about choosing things? What's your philosophy?
If money was not an object would you give money to one person only without bothering about how much or in general what you receive?
What was the most difficult situation you've faced? What did your researching/// thinking get you?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever done?
What makes you valuable to another person?
What causes innatal blindness?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but I've heard it's hard to start a conversation with strangers or people you don't know.
If you could just talk to one person (outside of your family) on familial terms, that is, who do you want to talk to?
What was the most engaging 5-minute TV hour you have seen?
What is an important human ability that you sometimes use too much?
Ever heard of Warren Buffett 5//25 strategy?
What is//was the best part about your current job?
How do you choose your reactions to life?
What is the last thing that you changed? What did it allow you to achieve, how did it make you feel and why did you change it?
What is something profoundly disturbs you and why?
Who is the most retiring person you know?
Name three things you and your partner have in common.
When was the last time you cry?
What makes you angry? Can you control that anger and how?
What's something everyone should do at least once in their life?
What is something you think most people have the opposite experience?
What is something you wanted to do in someone else's life, but never have the chance?
How much did you weigh when you had your first kid (or where about the same?)?
What would happen if you spent the day talking to everyone you met? How about everyone in this bar for a change?
Your words will often be vulnerable to a listener. If you have something very sacred inside of you, your words might not have much impact.
How would you describe your current feelings about yourself?
What do you think is the environmental crisis that humanity faces today?
What are you really good at doing that no one sees, or notices?
What is your biggest fears (in your family, at work, in life, in general)?
What is something you would like to learn yourself, but it's digesting yourego so hard you can't?
Would you change the way you have been raised if given the chance?
Did you ever create a bucket list? What stuff do you want to experience before you die?
Did anyone ever figure who Robin Williams is?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What is something you would be really good at if you had the time to invest in it?
Who are you and what do you hope to accomplish while alive? I'm curious.
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What do you think of climate change and the related theories?
What were you like in high school?
What is your favorite conversation starter for strangers and the most awkward one for the one you go to see each week?
What is something you never want to experience?
What’s the ideal date you always wanted to have?
If someone came out of the blue and gave you $1 million dollars to give away with no promise of how to deal with it, how would you distribute it among people you know?
What is something that most people don't know about your business/ profession or interest?
What is something you've done in your life that was totally irrational but yet somehow it turned out just fine?
What do you wish people knew about you that they don't?
What are you doing to learn new stuff?
What would you do if you know you only had 1 year left to live and wanted to do as much as possible?
What's the most considered item you've made, but didn't actually use?
If you could eat lunch with someone, dead or alive, who would it be?
What would you do if someone left their briefcase on your desk? Would you open it and, after finishing the task?
What are you curious about and why?
How would you explain "Profit Margins" to a nontechnical person?
Are you interested in any foreign or domestic sports esp. ones involving your partners interested? Which are better to watch over?
Was it your idea or someone’s idea?
One of the better and funnier play by play announcers was former NBA star-turned Emmy Award winning color commentator Bill Walton.
There have been many fake stories lately about you. Do you think it's possible to create a machine that can generate an accurate fake article about you for a nonfiction book?
What is the biggest reason why you think you are going to win?
What is something you could never do?
What's the worst movie you've seen recently?
Name the craziest thing you've done for a girl or, if you're currently in a relationship, name the craziest date you've ever been on.
Are you afraid if living forever meanssacrificing your current interests and passions just so they won't get old along with yourself? Do you find it hard thinking about giving up some things just so they won't get old while having everything else remain new forever?
What is the best thing about living in your state?
What makes you different from others?
Which celebrity who you do not know do you want to meet?
Have you ever felt that your existence is transitory?
If your life was a book, what would the title be?
How would you work with a person who has the IQ level of a 2 year old?
Why is your birth date significant?
If you could only use one word for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is your favorite scent?
Who is your hero and why?
How can other people impress you?
How do you know if a person is good or evil?
What is something parents should teach to their kids?
Do you have dreams and time?
What is the meaning of life?
What is your favorite city you've traveled to?
What are the most popular and successful social media networks in your opinion?
Which is more important to you right now?
How do you make sure you give satisfaction to judges?
What games/ activities do you reflect on now have become much more than they used to be?
Do you discipline yourself to keep away from food or other indulgences when you're traveling?
Who are some of your all-time favorite movies?
Long story short: Give a stranger a compliment, for example, by telling them something they are wearing or holding is unique or like something you own.
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
What is your favorite genre of movie?
If you could spend 24 hours and five $$ for your familiy chat with, whom would you choose?
What was the most frustrating experience in your life?
What do you look for in a lover?
What is something you did recently that really took less than 5 minutes to complete?
If you could have dinner with any artist, dead or alive, who would it be, and why?
What opportunity or career has blown you off track?
What are the elements that are most important to your beliefs about how the world should be?
What's the best conversation you've had recently?
What is someone you admire most and why?
How would you feel about getting a fake person for the day and instead spending money on silly things, you could bet that person for how long they are your slaves if you trick them into leaving?
Did you go to college?
If you had to write a book about your fantasy job, what would it be about?
What's the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
What do you think is the biggest complaint with modern movies?
What is something you don't like about yourself?
What did you eat for breakfast this morning?
What is something you did when you were younger that you wish you could do today?
What's one reason we haven't found alien life forms?
If you were an animal, which would it be, and why?
If you couldn't talk for 3 minutes, what would you want the silence to reveal to you?
What is the hardest thing you have ever done?
What is the craziest thing that has ever happened to you?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
If you could write an algorithm or program to help you make decisions, what kind of decisions would it be able to help with?
How would you rate yourself as an artist from 1-10?? Show me some of your work, I'd love to critique it for you!
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
What do you think about of the following one on one?
If you could go back in time and change something, what would it be?
How would your parents describe you back when you were young?
If you saw someone selling hot dogs and they dropped one on the ground, would you buy it?
What thing do you cherish most, that has given you the greatest satisfaction?
What is the saddest day you remember?
What do you think is the best thing about being different?
What has been your favorite job?
Who are the most famous bunch of people you see everyday or every other day?
Do you believe there is any positive force in the world?
Would you rather have limited sight with enhanced hearing or google enhanced senses?
What's one thing people would be surprised to learn about you?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
What's a talent that few people know about?
If you only had 24 hours left and could do anything, what would it be?
What is something that people always misunderstand about you?
Who or what is uch better than sex?
If you could return to any year, which would it be, and why?
What book made you think about life or changed the way u see the world?
What was your favorite show as a child?
What is the best way to get over a crush?
Where are you now that you need to be?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
If a doctor suddenly became crazy and declared the end of the world, how soon would he be executed or shot? - - S. State Dept. spokesperson April Flores.
What would you say if they asked me to talk to all thirty of my kids about what to do if they ever got in trouble? What would I tell them?
What's one thing in the world that no one else knows about you, but you alone?
When was a time you had to take care of someone or were taken care of? Why did it happen and how did that event change you?
If you were to go back in time, and you had the power to rule the world as you wanted... who would rule this universe?
We should trade body fat with each other - -that way I will always tell you how you look from the back.
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
What is a notion that never quite sense to you?
What do you do that either worries your parents or makes them proud?
Do you have a favourite cartoon?
What is your favorite show to watch when you don't want to fall asleep?
If you could tell the future, who in this world would you like to see us 7 years from now?
What is something important you took for granted as a child?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
If you had to only use social media apps for one week, which ones would you choose?
What was life like in your family growing?
If you could breathe underwater and fly, what would you explore first?
What kind of mental or physical tools do you think will make your life better?
What would your perfect outfit be?
If you could change one thing about your life, what would you change?
What are your New Year's Resolutions?
What would be your general plan if you made a rule where no sad or judgemental people were allowed?
What have been a few of the craziest situations you over achieved?
I couldn't help but notice how beautiful you are.
You have just watched a movie. What is one thought you had right after the movie was over?
If you could've told your past self, and this would definitely eradicate one disease.
What are you doing here?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, what would change about the next year of your life?
What do you worry about?
If a house is burning, are you more likely to save the dog or cat inside?
What is something you have denied yourself in the pursuit of success, but now think about it, you should have maybe done it?
When and where were you involved in an interesting situation?
If you could book a tour of centuries old ruins in your city, which ruins would you visit?
What is your biggest priority right now?
What are your thoughts on religion or spirituality?
What is an interesting but boring subject?
If you could change the past, what would it be?
If you could hire someone else's brain for 24 hours, what hole in knowledge and experience would you be curious to fill?
What is your favorite charity?
What makes you angry?
What are some words you would use to describe yourself?
How did you decide what to do in life?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is the most weirdest thing you know how to do that you would never try if it was your last day on Earth?
Ahh, tell me about your grandmother.
What Questions Do You Never Get Answer?
How would you improve (insert topic) in your local community?
You have been given a second chance at life.
What is something you wouldn't want to know about a random person you're standing next to?
What skill do you wish you had?
Which month do you believe is the best time of the year?
What is something you wish everyone would understand?
Explain to me what's the purpose of icebreakers.
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What life habit inspires you the most? And why?
For any given thing, describe it in plain English as clearly as possible.
Who are three heroes in history?
What's something you want to (or did) change about your city or country?
What color do you get excited about?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
What movies have you seen recently in the theater? If it's not a good movie, who's with you and why?
What is something you feel that is bigger than yourself...
What kind of car do you drive or ideal car?
What is a piece of advice that has served you well?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What happened to your favorite childhood toy that you never found again?
Does it make your hair stand on end?
If your house suddenly became completely in fire, what one item would you choose to save?
If you could have a superpower, what would be the superpower that would give you the most joys in life?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your city?
Although happiness is not, ultimately, what we are striving for, it has affected me greatly in my life.
If you were to teach a course, what would it be about?
In the moonlight, it's almost as though I need someone to touch me deep be inside.
If you could change three things about the world, but know that your changes would also fundamentally change it in other ways that are out of your control, so that in 2038 the changes may no longer be relevant or may no longer be possible, what would those three things be?
What technologies or tools are you excited about?
What is something your friends would consider a slammed-dunk for you?
How do you spark joy within the people around you?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What was the last thing you rejected to do?
What do you do in your free time?
What is one of your favorite things about a person (i.e., friend, family, member, or past/present romantic interest)?
What's your weaknesses?
If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be?
Is there a particular story that comes to mind when you think of a great example of being tough on standards and kind with people?
What paper on did you write when you were young?
What are you doing here?
What were you like as a child?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would you do with it?
If you could add a superpower to your superpowers, what would it be?
What is something that needs improving with your job/school?
What's one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
Which philosophical idea is the hardest for you to grasp and why?
What do you consider to be dependent of your annual income?
If you could be an artist for a day, which one would you want to be, and why?
What are your top 5 interests? How are you getting better at these and what would you like to become even better at?
What is the most important or useless fact anyone has told you today?
How do you deal with anger when you're fully confident?
What is on someone's mind?
What are the best cities to live in? 1) (fill in city) 2) (fill in city) 3) (fill in city)
Is there something that you are not sure about?
What would you do if you adopted a 15-year-old murdered girl?
What is an argument you have had recently and how was your side won?
What's the closest you have ever come to death?
If you were trapped on a desert island with nothing but the knowledge how to hunt birds would you survive 12 rounds, there is more to gain by asking how?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What do you consider to be a success in your life so far?
What are you binge watching right now?
What are your goals for this year and next?
Which three words best describe your house style?
What do you hope never changes about yourself?
What are your thoughts on religion, God, or spirituality?
At the end of your life, what is the one thing you wish you could tell yourself?
What would your dream job be?
How do you read for fun?
Who is your favourite superhero or such?
What are best and worst pick-up lines?
What is the most amazing thing you have experienced?
What's your opinion on aids?
What's one thing everyone else (-a coworker, an in-class peer, a child, etc.) thinks is weird about you?
What is a question you’ve always wanted to ask someone but never had the courage to ask?
What skills do you think that folks, my age, should be learning instead of what they do now?
What do you think about when you get hungry?
What's the best place you've ever been on vacation?
How has your quality of life improved over the last few years?
What are things you want to do before you die?
Have you ever started a fire?
If you could eat lunch with someone here for IRC, who would it be?
What is a place you would like to go for a dream vacation?
What’s the most challenging thing you've learned to live with?
If you were a ghost, what elements would you be made of...and which ghosting principle would you follow?
What was the best compliment you ever received?
When you work for a living, what part of it feels like work, and what part feels like play?
What is the best advice someone has given you recently?
Is there anything that's really scary now?
What is a blast from the past that everyone should revisit?
What best describes you?
What do you think is the most important lesson in life?
What is the best game you have played?
What are you doing here?
What do you wish your mother knew when you were younger?
What would be your best shower thought?
Who do you look up to most?
What was the first thought in your head after you were born?
Make any movie at all realistic with fake names, costumes and locations.
If you could eliminate two of your greatest sins, what would they be?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but judging from the story of your life so far, guess which book series do you tacitly claim to belong to?
Which do you think is better being yelled at or ignored after saying or doing something wrong?
If you could immediately change two aspects of your life, what would they be?
What best describes you as a lover?
What are you most proud of, whether good or bad?
What would be a blog that you would like to start up in order to make a statement about something?
If you could put all your knowledge in one field (1) History, (2) Scientific Theory, (3) Religion.
What if/how should you tip your driver?
What do you think the future will be like when people can choose how they want to live their lives?
What comes to mind on hearing the word "values"?
What is one of your limitations and how best do you deal with this?
What is something most people take for granted that you do not take for granted?
If you could be invisible, what would you do?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don’t appreciate or notice?
What would your perfect day look like? Max (3 sentences).
If you have plenty of time for a movie, what would you watch?
What's your favorite book?
What is something you would like a to do?
What's the funniest story you can tell about something silly that happened this week?
How did you decide what to do in life?
If you could live forever, would you?
What would be the rules of engagement?
What would you do if you didn't have to work while still making as much money you do now?
What was the last cute thing anyone did for you, to inspire any warm and fuzzy feelings?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
Write your best joke.
What kind of art do you enjoy?
What is your purpose in life?
What snack food or drink is your guilty pleasure?
If anything, what has been the most important decision in your life so far?
Have you ever avoided any situation to avoid embarrassing yourself?
What do you think is the meaning of life? If you don't know, or this question feels too headcratchy, feel free to answer a question about your philosophy or about feelings about life that you have.
When you sleep in on your alarm clock, how did it feel?
If you had to marry a flower, what would it be? e.g., roses, andtulips or irises.
Who was your favorite teacher?
Do you think they exist, "What if?" in life?
How would your close friends describe you?
Have you ever found something from another person? What was it and how did it change your life?
Which historical figure would be the worst person to run for president today?
What are some of the most abundant resources, natural or manmade, in your area?
If time would go backwards and you had an infinite amount of money, what would you do with it?
What's one lie you have told yourself?
What do you believe is the best in life? What brings you joy and happiness?
What is the most recent [video series](https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=hrum0vmja-g)? You've watched?
What do you consider to be your most serious failing?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is the best reason to be excited about the coming year?
What habits do you have that are hurting you?
What was the inspiration behind your last project or your last achievement?
When are you at your most vulnerable and how do you protect yourself?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could rid themselves of?
What do you like to eat?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What's on the TV you couldn't change the channel of?
What's your favorite city you've traveled to? What makes it so great?
Does a knife divide itself?
How do you make important life decisions?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What's the most amazing building, or structure, or monument you've seen in person?
Name 3 things that you love to do.
In one word, how would you describe your biggest fear in life?
What are you most well known for?
What are the things you have changed your life for?
Think about your country or your city, do it have a history that you would like to learn more about?
Which childhood memory would someone have to hit you upside the head with in order to jog it back into your brain?
What made you sad today?
What do you like to cook when you have time?
What's something important that you don't normally discuss, but are keen to learn more about?
What is your favorite joke?
What's something your parents taught you that you know now that they didn't teach you when they were raising you?
Which one would you like to have kids with the most?
What are you talented at?
If you could be any animal, what would the creature of your choice be, and why?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
Before you die, what is one question you have always wanted to know the answer to?
Where else did you live?
Do you have a life motto?
If you could give me a day off to do anything I want, what would you do the next day with this day?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What's one thing that would improve your quality of life if it was in your budget?
What is something you do for fun or that interests you?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
There is no such thing as perfect.
If you could ask the president of the United States one question what would it be?
How would the world change if artificial intelligence could feel human suffering and pleasure?
What does being a "misunderstood" person mean to you? Who are all the people that fit into that category?
What do you know now that I would?
If heaven is real and you could see it for yourself, would you want to leave life behind to go there?
What is something that most people don't know about you?
What's the most ridiculous cartoon //// cartoon character you've seen?
What's the biggest success in your life?
What makes you happy or sad?
What strange but interesting fashion trend that exists today?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
When did you last use your phone extensively and why?
What’s the best advice you ever got about life?
You are stuck on acrowded heap of gold coins that individually weigh 1000 grams. You personally cannot carry more than 3000 grams at all. You must find the maximum value worth of gold you can carry.
Look at a mirror and try to tell if you have gone gray. Do nothing for 2-3 days, then look in the mirror again to see if your hair has turned gray.
Do you like most the way your hair grows?
What was the last movie you saw in the theater?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would you do with it?
Are you a risk-taker?
How do you handle stress?
Who was your favorite teacher in high school and why?
If you had unlimited wealth and time, what would you do with them?
Can you give some advice to up and coming students on how they should progress in their careers?
What would you do if your partner was cheating on you?
Any good jokes I can tell you to share?
What do you think the death of this person results in for those still alive?
What is your favorite line from a book, move, or song, or TV show?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Do you have any kind of secret talent?
If you could rename the earth, and keep your choice a secret, what would you rename it to?
Where are you going to travel in the next five years, if anywhere?
Who are you today, and what do you want to be tomorrow?
What kind of books do you like to read?
What would you think if youwoke one day as the opposite sex?
What places do you wish you could visit because of time constraints and money?
What's one thing you would definitely never kill for and are extremely thankful for having?
Why pursue //// why be fond of your present career?
What happened to a perfect day/night/moment that you experienced so far?
What are you looking forward to doing someday, that you can't do today?
What kind of stories do you like to read?
What's your first childhood memory?
What is the biggest mistake you ever made in your life so far?
If you had to say what your most synonymous trait is, what would that be?
What is something that you feel gets a bad rap?
What was the worst experience of your life?
describe where you live.
What is the single most impressive thing you know?
Have you read anything lately that you really enjoyed?
If you had to pick one, what TV show would you be on?
Do you feel that technology is having a positive or negative effect on humanity?
Do you prefer talking face to face or over the phone?
What kind of music do you listen to? What's your favorite song that has been recently played on the radio?
Have you ever measured my patience in a relationship?
What prompted your decision to respond to pollin questionaire this week?
What's the biggest mystery in your life that you hope to solve someday?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience? if so describe it in detail.
What actually makes you feelsad?
What are your major goals for this year and next?
If you could use any super power, what would it be, and why?
What is a past hobby of yours that you would like to start up again?
Do you have any special items from childhood that you cherish now?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told?
What do you think you look like on the inside?
What do you look for in a partner?
What's your favorite topic of conversation?
Would you rather go back to school than stay where you're at?
Who or what is your spirit animal?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What makes you trust someone?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?"
What would people have to do or say to consider you "weird"?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What was the last song you sung?
If you could have any superpower right now, what would it be?
Tell me about the last time you said I love you. Imitating happens some times a day. whtt do people say?
What’s your favorite way of breaking up with someone?
What word or phrase do you make up to describe people whom you do not know?
What's the first thing you do in the morning?
What makes you or your profession unique?
What is the most important problem you have in your life?
among all your friends, who has the worst luck with love/hate relationships and what do you think is causing it?
What is one thing you would like to improve about yourself?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What was your favorite childhood TV show? What is it like today?
What's the best piece of advice you ever received?
What is something you would keep to yourself right now?
How do you spend most of your spare time outside of work?
What's the best way to get over a girl/guy you really like?
Who is on your personal hero list?
What has been your most memorable trip with friends, family or alone?
What is the Silliest nightmare you have?
What is the craziest thing you've ever done?
What is something everyone at the table must know?
How did you discover your passion?
What makes you different // an individual?
If you are not dead in a year, what would you like to become?
Are you like me? If so, what’s the most mindblowing piece of information you discovered talking to me?
What is the moral or legal rights of monitored entities that people volunteer to surrender?
What’s the greatest thing about your hometown?
If you could save just one child's life, what would it be?
Give me 3 examples of how your 19th year was planed ahead of time.
If you could choose any actor(s) to play the male lead in your next movie, who would it be?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
What makes you feel untrue to yourself?
Is there a particular place you've always wanted to visit?
If you had infinite resources and could do whatever you wanted, what would you build?
Do you think movies are worth the price in tickets and the time for school activities spent watching them?
If there was ever a dessert match made in heaven, what would the two be and make it so you can't order everyday?
Where would you like to travel next?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
Tell me about your most memorable work/school experience.
What was a job you hated and/or weren't good at? Was it an unpleasant memory, a painful experience or something you dealt with but eventually blew over?
What do you think about when you look at the moon, sun, earth, or stars?
What's one thing people would be surprised to learn about you?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyon to read, which would you choose?
How often do you lie?
Tell me about a tough decision you've had to make.
What's your favorite game to play on a rainy day?
What was the best thing that happened to you this weekend?
Which song of Adele has been your favorite so far?
What would be your first question when you start working on a new project or job?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
What's your favorite book?
If you could have an antibiotic that worked against any one disease, what would that disease be?
What are most of the things you own?
Does the truth really set you free? If so, what is the truth for you?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
If given the chance, who would like to be with you forever? What would he/she do while you're together?
What is one bit of advice that has helped you throughout your life?
If you could pick up song and play it whenever you want, what would it be?
You automatically go into slow motion when you hear the theme song from Jaws ('For those who are unfamiliar with this movie'), it can be grouped with: "Sharks are badasses, and if you go in the water, we will kill a hahahaha...youuuuu...u...u...u...u...!').
Have you traveled outside of the country? If so, what did you learn about other people/places/cultures?
What is the weirdest experience you've had?
What has been your nightmare?
If you love someone, food has to taste different, even if it doesn't have anything to do with that person.
What do you think is the biggest problem with the education system in your country?
How do you prefer to be introduced?
What is the best meal you ever had?
How would you describe yourself to someone you've just met?
What is your best moment ever?
Who was your friend but never really was? Why did you think they were a friend?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
What is the strangest thing you have ever eaten?
What is something you can learn from the different people around you?
Have you had one of those special life events that really shape who you are and how it has shape?
What is one of your favorite places in the world (where you’ve been for the first time)?
Who do you look up to and what is one piece of advice have you got from them that stuck with you?
What do you do soon as you wake up?
However, you live your life without pushing people away, you are one step ahead of the game.
What happened to you that was wrong?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
What question would the average person have to answer in order to get a job here?
Have you ever felt so comfortable with someone, and frustratingly wish you could be closer to that person?
What is an interesting fact about you?
What's one thing you're really good at?
What is something you are really into right now?
If you could only give each person one word, how would that word be related to science?
How would your life be different if you could choose the people to love the most? How would it be different if you could choose the people to forgive?
What is something you could never do for 24 hours and still beanger at it the next day?
What are you thinking about?"
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
How's the weather where you are?
What's your favorite TV series?
What is something no one in your house can ever have too much of?
If you are married, what is something you want your spouse to improve upon or incorporate into their own life?
Have you ever done anything crazy before?
Tell me something that you have always wanted to do/be.
What is a fact or behavior about yourself or another who is working in the room which no one would ever guess for whatever reasons?
What is your guilty pleasure?
How did you discover your passion?
If you were going to carve a statue after yourself, what pose and/or character traits would you want it to have?
If you could tool around space anytime, with anyone (you, who star in the matrix), where would you go and who would be with you?
What did you learn when you were young that you still remember that has influenced how you operate today?
What song best represents you?
What did you grow up with?
What is something collective that you're really good at?
How do you know when a good mood comes on?
If you died this evening and someone could only call 5 people on your contact list, who are they?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
What is the biggest goal that keeps you up at night?
You go on a blind date. What roles would you fill?
What should your name be, if it could be anything at all?
What is one thing people do not know about you?
What are some things about you, people don't know?
How is your relationship with your mom, dad, and siblings?
What was the best year of your life?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
What do you appreciate most about the relatively young modern life?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What is your favorite food?
What is your method of effective communication?
Do you prefer modern or ancient books?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis like Dopamine hits?
If there was a world war 3) and you were one of the 10 people who survived in a nuclear bomb shelter, what would you wish on?(other than not being in this situation?)
What's the oldest thing that you've kept throughout your life?
Is there a movie you have seen repeatedly because you can't find any other movies like it?
Looking back as far as you can remember and through your life, compose a collection of "100 things".
If you could change one thing about the world regardless of guilt or politics, what would it be?
What current trend most prevalent in media makes no bloody sense to you?
What art piece in the park have you sat in front of more than any other?
We have a child joke. “How does the theremin work?” Is that a joke you and your partner would know I asked about because you're both musicians?
What's worse, being serial cheat or someone who always keeps a Haute Relation with everyone?
What would you call the film version of your life?
What's something you've always wanted to accomplish but just don't yet?
In your view, what do you consider to be the most important issues our society should focus on?
How many people are in your immediate family?
What piece of technology do you always have access to?
Try to define success in a simple term. What does success mean to you?
What are the biggest risks you ever took in your occupation and how have they paid off?
What is the hardest thing you have ever experienced and how did you deal with it?
When do you know that you've broken free from a crazy situation?
What element of our lives are we consistently placing a down-the-doel limit to?
What project would you most like to take on the top 5 people you've worked with?
If we had a guaranteed answer to one question you have, what would that be?
What are the best and worst experiences of your life so far?
If you could have people in your life, who would they be?
What cities have you been to? What cities would you love to visit?
What would most people think but don't say to someone you truly love?
What instrument do you wish you could play?
What do you feel is your secret talent?
What was the best day of your life?
For a long time I thought all material goods were good. Just because you can buy, doesn’t mean it’s good. If something has good value and benefit for everyone please share that, if not or you don't understand why don't share.
What is something you consider to be a positive trait?
If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to the location of your choice, where would you go?
What's the best city to live in right now?
What are some of the big life lessons you learned from growing?
What's the funniest thing that happened to you in the last week?
If you could change one thing in the world, what would it be?
Are you afraid if living forever meanssacrificing your current interests and passions just so they won't get old along with yourself? Do you find it hard thinking about giving up some things just so they won't get old while having everything else remain new forever?
What is something you are working on right now?
What's the most difficult decision you have ever faced?
If you died tomorrow, what would you be happy with your life and would you want anyone to repeat those things?
What question would you like to not have to answer but have to?
What are the most important (8 numbers) to you?
You're stuck on an island with a perfect tree house tree, located exactly where the tree house would be, so no one would notice if there was a tree house inside. You can't see it from where you are below. But someone else who's also stuck on this island with you can see it. But they can't reach it and can't tell if there's anything inside or not.
What are some of the main things in you that make you you?
How do you handle the occasional pressure and anxiety of having to perform?
How did you spend the most recent birthday you had?
Who do you most admire in real life?
What has been your favorite thing to learn?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What is something intriguing you know about the world?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
What’s your biggest goal now?
What is the best you can describe your current life?
What is your philosophy of life?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
Are you afraid if living forever meanssacrificing your current interests and passions just so they won't get old along with yourself? Do you find it hard thinking about giving up some things just so they won't get old while having everything else remain new forever?
What's something everyone should try once in their life?
What is something you have learned from your parents?
What is the first thing that comes to your mind when you think about singularity?
If you were king or queen, what would you do?
What is the most courageous thing you have ever done?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
What Natural Resources are most abundant in your country?
Which mission statement?
Do you read or watch TV shows or is there anything on this weekend? What can we do tonight when the beer and pizza are finished that won't cause a mess?
What was the saddest book you ever read?
What do you want to do before you die?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
What would be interesting we could help with in this community?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What's done is done, and there's no point crying over spilt milk...ever. What would have been smarter for you to have done?
What does the future look like to you?
Is anyone in your family or a close friend going through a trial right now?
What do you wish someone had told you when you were 18?
If the world suddenly became perfect, what would you do with your life?
What talents do you wish you could show off without caring what people say?
Do you know what makes you weird in this world?
What do you think is the single best piece of advice somebody has given you in your life?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
We're all part of a network ofwormholes stretching on intofinity - by our very existence we'reescaping gravity, twisting space, and bending time.
What was a big dilemma for you in your life?
Have you been in that place in your life where everything was going right until someone/something turned up the heat?
What equality between men and women do you desire?
What is your favorite subject in school and why?
What's one of your favorite game night topics, something you can never stop talking about?
What are you passionate about in life?
Where is the best place you have ever been?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
What are you most inspired?
Where is your favorite place to travel?
Did you take a gap year?
Who do you respect for their ability to come up with great ideas and execute them quickly? Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or someone else entirely? Why that person and why do they inspire you (or not)?
What do you do when you are hurt or upset?
"You may encounter an individual who claims to be a prophet." What is important to you... To know if this is the case?"
What are some songs you like from relatively unknown singers?
What are you most talented at?
People under this question  asked us to start with our "deepest fears/worries". I'm curious and I'd love to hear your thoughts. So here we go...
You are free for the night, where would you go, and why?
If you could have a conversation with the Dalai Lama, what would you talk about?
Do you have a philosophy in life? if so what is it?
What is the worst thing anyone has done to you recently and how did you handle it?
What are your most important details for finding happiness? What brings you joy and happiness?
If you could either live without sleep or without food, which would you choose?
What's something you don't normally like, but for some reason you've been drawn to recently?
If you could have a conversation with anyone from history, who would it be?
Would you come to my funeral? Why or why not?
What's your favorite Google algorithm?
Who is the greatest person you have ever seen in your life?
If you could live in any time period, which would you choose, and why?
How do you typically take support from others?
Which piece of art do you like the most?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your country/city/village?
What have you been doing lately?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What's on your bucket list that you've never done and always wanted to do?
Without knowing my name, what would you guess about me?
What is the most beautiful experience you've ever experienced in your life?
What do you think is the most important piece of knowledge everyone should have in their brains?
What are your top 5 goals or most important dreams or hopes?
What is something you would never switch for?
describe your favorite pet.
What was a weird transition phase in your life?
What is something you would love to learn how to do?
What do you most regret changing in order to adapt to society?
Which book challenge are you excited to begin?
What is the biggest accomplishment you have made in the last few years in your life?
How did you discover your passion?
If you could be any animal, which animal would you be, and why?
If you had all the time in the universe and a small private island with nobody else on it and no technology would you spend it writing or traveling?
What skills can you teach someone else in your organization to use?
How would you rate yourself as an artist from 1-10?? Show me some of your work, I'd love to critique it for you!
In the last five years what was one time or twice that you did something that was very difficult and you felt a great deal of pride in having accomplished.
What is something you have learned about yourself in the last few years?
What did your parents teach you?
What was your most memorable gift from someone you wereRomantically involved?
What do you expect your future work to look like after college?
What's one thing you can never get enough of?
What has been your biggest life regret?
What is the biggest sexual turn-off for you and what is the biggest sexual turn-on?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
Would you go to another country alone now that you know travel brings up so many questions to mind for a lot of people?
Where do you see yourself in 20 years time with where you are now?
How do you make important life decisions?
What do you want to do before you die?
What movie did you see recently that made you feel like you were growing as a person?
What is the best way to learn a new language?
What is the one thing you see yourself doing over and over again in five years?
When was the last time you kicked your own butt?
What makes you different from everyone else?
Is there an emotion (positive or negative) that you haven't experienced very often and is one of your triggers for bad habits? For example, if you're used to being in control, so when you feel out of control, step on a leg would be a bad habit?
What are your top 3 all-time favorite movies? What about them makes them so great?
What is your favorite book or movie that you recommend?
What is something you feel guilty about?
How do you think you spent your day?
What's the most timeconsuming project you've ever taken on and how to make it more efficient?
What’s the oldest and craziest story you remember from your parents?
What things do you hook your mind onto but deep down inside hate?
What would you do with $1 million dollars?
Does anyone in your life make you feel just "happy to be alive?"?
How would you describe a perfect day for you?
If you wanted to reduce a set amount of money and the bank pays interest of the money, how much should each person contribute per week?
If you could have one superpower, would you use it for good or evil?
Which park would you spend a week in with your buddy, to get away and restore the mental clarity you need?
What is your biggest regret?
What games did you play the most in your childhood and life?
What's the most curious thing about the physical aspect of your partner?
What is something you are really into right now?
What would you do for a week if you didn't have to pay any bills or deadlines?
What was a supernatural experience that you have ever experienced?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
What were you most excited about becoming when you were a kid?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
What is a decision that you have had to beessed with in your work or personal life?
What do you expect from yourself in three years?
If you could learn any new skill tomorrow, what would it be?
If you were going to live on a desert island, what 3 things do you want?
Which fiction character do you most want to meet?
If you had no limitations and could do anything you wanted, what would you do?
What kind of pet would you like to have right now?
What do you do to help the world be a better place?
What can you do better than anyone else?
What are you doing to make the world a better place?
How do you feel about your current life?
If your company could eliminate one thing, what would be the one thing you would get rid of?
What words do you use to greet people around the world?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
If you want to make your name rock star, what kind of music would you choose to be best know for?
Non-one in the entire world would be able to look down on you or think you are below them unless you allow it. You are at a point where no person has ever been before and will not be for a very long time. Let go and imagine what life would be like after this.
If you were going to release an album, what tracks would it have? And who would play for those tracks?
What did you pick up in the last year, and if you could give it to your younger self, what would you to that future version of yourself?
Do you believe people can see ghosts or points in time?
Does money give you warm feelings?
Where do you find the most peace and serenity in your life?
What national or international crisis would be worth you giving up your life for?
Do you think that we learn something every time a mistake is made?
What do you think is the most important thing to any business or industry in the United States?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What's the best way to relax in your free time?
What is the coolest feature you talk about?
What do you find beautiful, something in nature or an image?
What movie would you say changed your life and why?
Late to the game ideas that paid off down the road.
What is something you have learned about yourself in the last few years?
What’s your best example of a good decision and an bad decision?
What are you most grateful for?
What's a question you wish someone would have asked you, but they never did?
If you could read any book, what book would you chose?
If you could have been told one thing and you never knew the other, what would you wish that was told to you?
What symbols and handwriting do you use?
What do you think about Chivalry?
How do you handle these days when everything seems to be falling?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
What are your lucky numbers?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
What do you think is the point of life?
What would you do if you were all alone in the world and had a million dollars to your name? What would you do? And why?
What is a pastime that you spend a lot of time doing?
How did you decide what to do with your life?
What is the most courage any of your friends has had within the last two years (e.g., saying to a partner that they should have an abortion or telling a teacher they should be expelled)?
What would you do if everyone in your family hated you?
What is the most painful thing that happened to you in your life physically?
What is something no one ever tells you about your profession?
What do you believe is the best in life? What brings you joy and happiness?
If money wasn't an issue, what would you do with your life?
What words did you learn that you were particularly proud of?
What is a lesson most people don't learn?
Is there a personality trait that surprises you the most, or that weaves in and out of your life?
What do you think is the right balance between hard work and happiness?
Where are some of the most beautiful places you have visited?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
What do you admire most about anyone?
What is the best way to make it through a difficult or boring task?
What would you do with $1 billion?
What are you doing for your next birthday?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
What's something everyone should know about you?
What's the harshest thing you've ever said to someone?
What is the most incredible experience you've ever had? How did that come about? What impact did it have on your life and why was it particularly special?
What do you think is the best 20th century invention?
What would be your best possible chance of getting a date in the next year? What if you had to go within a 5-mile radius?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
If you could change one thing in the world, what would it be?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
What do you think is important, but isn't anyone talking about?
What are you doing here tonight and where would you like to go?
What makes you feel alive?
What's one of your good but strange habits?
If you could now talk directly to me by thought, what would you say to me?
When was the last time you had a really bad day?
What do you wish the world didn't waste so much time on?
If you could change one thing about your home or neighborhood to make it even more beautiful, what would it be?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
What time of day seems most real?
Who do you spend the most time with?
What do you think about when you are not thinking about? Are there some people who have reallyshaped the way you think?
Do you think it's possible for people to feel false emotions?
What was the first truly original thought you had ever had?
Where is the most beautiful part of your city or country?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
What is something you love about yourself?
What I love most about the weather?
What TV show is on your bucket list?
If you could switch two movies, what would those movies be?
Do you prefer bedrooms with or without windows?
Who is someone you used to trust but are no longer?
If people want to find you, what should they search for on a social network?
What is something everyone should know about your trade/ profession/interests?
What movie could you watch over and over again, and never get tired of?
What about the internet makes you tick?
What was a turning point in your life?
describe your ideal hallway? 3) students, 3) lockers, and one set of partitions // tables.
What is a moment in your life you describe as not your proudest but a necessary step in getting there?
What do you consider to be one of the biggest mistakes you have made in your life?
Who do you hate (and why?)?
Do you prefer to listen to podcasts or a speaker or watch someone on YouTube?
When did you realise that you wanted to become xx?
What is something that makes you happy whenever you think about it or remember it?
What happened last night that you wish didn't happen?
How do you make others excited about learning math? (or) How not to confuse people when math is involved in a conversation?
What are some traits you look for in a friend?
What TV show is on your bucket list?
What was your favorite book as a child?
Communism or capitalism?
Can you hold a conversation in a philosophical matters?
Do you have any projects you're working on or wanna work on?
What are you most afraid of?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What is the most incredible thing you have ever seen?
What is the best thing you have inherited?
If you could have any superpower or be part of any organization, which would it be, and why?
If you were to get a tattoo, what would it be?
Have you ever had a near-death experience?
What is your biggest regret in life?
What football team do you support?
When you feel happy, what do you do?
Tell me more about your hobbies.
Who do you think changed the way you will eat pizza as a result of one picture?
What is the most amazing thing you have ever seen?
What's something you wish wasn't a stereotype?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What is something you have thought // / wish/ others would do?
What do you value and what do you think most people focus on, but don't understand how it really affects real life?
What is the most classical movie you can think of?
If you could be absolutely certain of something, what would it be?
What is something you want your children to learn about you and what is it that makes it significant?
What is a thing you thought you would never do but ended up trying out anyway?
If you could live anywhere in the world for 6 months, why?
What’s the most important thing anyone has said about you?
What portion of your day or week do you spend having a deep conversation?
Where do you find happiness?
Is there anything that you know has delayed your life? Tell me what it is?
What are your strengths and weakness?
Who has influenced you the most along your journey to becoming who you are as a person?
If you had to choose one thing frequently throughout the day to keep you happy and healthy, what is it?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
What is your ideal vacation spot (where you can go all by yourself?)?
What's the best thing that someone has said to you and why?
This time next week you will have completed one year of training at Amaan here at MentorshipLab?
What is something people don't know about yourself and would surprise them if they found out?
What's the most amazing idea you know?
What would your closest friends ask you to do, but you'd refuse because, for example, it doesn't make any sense or might look stupid?
What is something positive that happened to you today?
One year you have (free of obligation) to make one great act of love. Who do you pick?
What do you wish you knew as a child that you were told as an adult now?
What is the most natural thing you could possibly do on a bed of nails?
What are some of your favorite family vacations?
If you could have choice over your death any way (not the actual ending but things leading up to it)?
What is one thing you could do with a million dollars?
What song do you feel tells your life story?
What happens if you get mugged and you lost your wallet with a bankcard in it?
Of all the pets you've had, what was your favorite?
What are some of the most annoying or awkward things that people do when you're around them?
You have to be a leader of your peer group, show what it means to be active, and make peace about the insignificant details.
What is the biggest waste of your time or money?
Was there an animal you / were never allowed to have as a kid?
What made you happy this week?
Which dreams would you like to fulfill?
Today's a good day to talk about public safety.
What is an interesting fact or hidden talent someone has that you wish you had?
Where do you like to go to travel and why?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
Wikipedia What is one fact that you don’t like?
If you could only read, watch, or listen to one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What are your favorite sports stories?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is some advice that you would give to a younger version of yourself?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is the thing that you which you constantly think about?
If there was one piece of advice to kids that you could give them, what would it be?
What did you do when you got away from things that used to scare you?
If you could live 1990s America, which decade would you choose?
What sport do you absolutely hate to lose in?
What's your best example of bravery?
What is your favorite of these girls who don't admit that you like them?
What would be your perfect vacation day?
What are three things you wish you had told yourself 10 years ago?
Have you ever swear an oath or taken something seriously beyond promises that were made to one’s parents (e.g., saying nothing until you are married, saying nothing front of the police,...)?
Why do you let people see the real you or not?
How is your life different from what it was (10 years ago?
What is your philosophy of life?
What kind of people do you feel like you can get along with the best?
Tell me about something that made you feel really crying today.
If you had unlimited knowledge and understanding, what is the first thing you would research?
Einstein said one has to die twenty years before his death or else see the same life.
If you could have had the answer for your childhood question, "If you are to be a super hero by the end of this day, what powers would you have?", "What would they have been?"
What did you think your destiny was going to be when you were younger?
What do you wish you knew at 30 years old?
What is one thing you would never do in real life, but if it could get you the result you want it's OK?
What was your most recent worst public LOL moment (like spilled coffee on their teacher?)?
What is the last thing you bought and liked?
What sounds like the ideal Friday night for you?
How would you describe your most common tone?
Which famous artist do you most identify with?
What would you say is your greatest weakness?
What three words best describe you?
When you were 16, what was your first car?
What is the worst sentence you've ever written? Admittedly, we'll be not so much "deep conversations" here, as just one person (it could be you!) going on about a sentence that particulary tickled them or have really managed to embarrass them.
Are you terrible at flirting? What's the worst comment you've said to someone? How about a funny story about embarrassing yourself to someone?
What was your favorite animal when you were a child?
What's been the most uncomfortable conversation you've ever had?
What is something you should write on your tombstone (if so what and why?)?
If you could have everyone in the world read one book, what would it be?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
Oh, shit, I forgot my question!
What does friendship mean to you (and why?)?
What are your favorite parks in the world and why? When you were a kid, which park did you go to most?
Is there a book you've read, or show that you would recommend to another person?
What do you desire most in your life?
What has made you happy today?
If you were to write a book on the history of your life and could include 5 things at most, with each of them telling a long story, what would be included on it?
What do you think would be the most useful cheating check against a group of people?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
If you could live one day over again, what would that be?
How do you spell your name?
What was your greatest failure in life and how did you overcome it?
What keeps you up at night, in terms of professional/family/personal?
Are you a 5w1h being?
If you had unlimited resources and time, what project would you be working on right now?
What are the most important things to know about a person?
Would you stop crime if it meant making sure all criminals went to prison?
Why should businesses get the agricultural subsidies in the first place?
My current girlfriend seems kind of stupid and unapproachable, but it makes me sad. Is that why they say a relationship is healthy when women and men start to become more intimate?
If you could be absolutely certain of something, what would it be?
What have you been listening lately?
What do you hope your life will be like in 10 years from now?
What is one thing you do when you have time off?
What was a book that you loved when you were young that you still love today?
Have you ever had a crush on someone's significant other? What was it like?
What hobby do you want to get involved in outside of your work or work life?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but I've heard it's hard to start a conversation with strangers or people you don't know.
Who is someone you admire?
What did you find confusing when you started walking the earth? Did you ever get it?
A fake program on television has us, Nigeria's out here tryna turn the pussy into a money machine. This is not entertainment. It's starvation, like a nucleus bomb, that only gets bigger and kills more people if it goes off.
Favorite Children's Show?
Where do you want to be 5 years from now?
What assignments did you find the hardest to do?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
What do you feel about stress?
What is something you wish you knew more about? What area of knowledge would that be to learn more about?
What's a past time of yours that you have fond memories of oro revisit?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
How old, where you, when you had your first personal transformation?
I'm going to ask you a bunch of questions related to your life.... I missed a few more... What is your opinion on the state of politics today?
When was the last time you did something that made you feel alive? (or) When was the last time that scared the hit out of you?
What makes for a good life?
How do you express your realistic side or tendency to that people can see?
What are some of the best day trips you have ever taken?
What do you want to be most successful in doing while alive?
What is one important skill set that you have that would benefit someone efforts in the future?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
How to illustrate a poster?
Lost your card? What's the last thing you remember beforelost your card?
What is one thing that you regret in life and wish you could go back and do over?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
What did you love in school and disliked?
Who is a good doctor that you have seen?
What do you think the next dimension might look like?
Have you ever built or tried to build a computer from scratch?
What is the very best advice I've given you?
What are you best at (an area you excel at)?
What's the best music to listen to while doing this secret activity of yours?
If there was no music, what would you listen to?
What is something people don't often know about you?
What else would you add about it?((?)?)((optional))?
What scientific discovery made the most impact on humanity in the last 300 years, and why?
What kind of things impress you?
What has been the most awkward conversation that you've had?
What question would you like to be asked?
From the first moment you see it, how long does it take you to figure out a relationship with someone?
Yeah, I think my mother knows when something is wrong. The way she looks at me or how lost in thought she becomes when she thinks of something, but I haven't got around to asking her then. She's always worried, I can see it on her face.
What are you scared to start doing?
If you could only read, watch, or listen to one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What sights on Earth do you find beautiful?
If life were a movie, what would it be?
What would cause a world war?
Since you're sleeping on the street, where do you go to hit?
If you only had 24 hours to live, what would you do?
What do you want to do before you die?
What is something you have sidewalks in your city that look different than the rest of your city for reasons that go beyond their appearance?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
What's the most miraculous experience you've ever experienced?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
Anything you are afraid to do?
Knowing the full extent of human ignorance, will you join us?
What would you change about your home if you were able to?
What was the last funny movie you saw?
What was your first job?
What's the most terrifying thing you've ever experienced?
What is your vision for the future?
How did you grow differently than your peers?
What is something you learned in a foreign country that you never could have imagined?
Choose something that you need to work toward in the next 10 years. What 10 years from now will you (be mostly) fulfilled to have accomplished that?
What was your favorite game as a kid?
What do you most hope to gain in your professional and personal life?
What is something you've never done ////, // tried// and do not know anyone that has ever done it?
Who's been the most influential person you currently know in life?
What device, app or web service makes you more productive at work?
What's one thing you've wanted to accomplish for a long time?
What is something you are looking forward to this fall/winter?
What is one of your favorite movies?
What is your go to charity or way to donate money?
Do you believe in luck?
Have you ever done something illegal, but you know you cannot get caught?
If you could live forever, would you?
What was the biggest risk you ever took with your life?
What are you currently ing about/dreaming about most recently(your child?)?
Do you think life is more chaotic or less chaotic than most people think? Explain your answer.
What's one thing you can't live without?
What is your idea of the most amazing day so far?
Do you see a creeping growing darkness as  and  become,  and ?
If you could learn one single skill to perform with mastery, you don't currently have, what would it be?
What are the questions you like to answer related with math?
What's on your bucket list?
If someone asked you to describe the ocean in a brief intervie, what would you say?
If given spending money, how would you use it?
What are you most creative at?
What was the last book you read?
Do you want me to teach you something?
What's you most memorable scar?
What is your opinion on the current war in Iraq?
What changes in your lifestyle can you implement today to become a better person?
What have you learned from a past mistake?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What do you think is the next great discovery?
What's something you're concerned about?
What is something you did recently that made you proud?
How often do you think about death? Is it always scary but also a nest rush of excitement?
Can people change for the better?
What defines a successful life?
What are some books that you've never finished but peter paning on?
What do you do to get yourself to work on the days you don't feel like going in?
What's something you wish you could teach your younger self in life?
If you could fly, what would you do/see?
What is one thing that you have learned taking an unconventional approach to life?
What is the most beautiful thing you've seen through someone's eyes?
What is one important thing you are curious about that you currently could care less about?
What is the strangest conditioning method you've ever heard of or tried?
What is something that you were thing was impossible, but it actually happened?
Is there anything you do that's above suspicion and looks sneaky to others?