If you were so rich you didn’t need to work and you don’t have to worry about money all the time, what would you do with your time?
What do you envy about your friend's life? What do you wish was in your life that is not?
Do you feel as though your dreams are realistic or far faretched?
If you were an evil person, what would be a reason you would want to torture someone?
If you could live forever, would you?
If you could buy a lacquer, what brand of nail polish would it be?
Would you rather go to the beach or on a hike and why?
What topics make you curious?
What do you believe is true, even though you cannot prove it?
Are you good at your job?
What snack do you keep by the bedside for late night cravings?
What is the worst thing about society as it stands, and what do you think should be done about it?
If you could ask the president of the United States one question what would it be?
What music, movie, or type of art do you enjoy?
How old were you about when you were your favourite?
What is something someone has taught you?
What is something you really dislike other people for?
What do you plan to do in the next 5 years?
If you had a time machine and somebody gave you three wishes, what would you wish for?
What do you think is the single best piece of advice that has had a positive impact on your life?
What's the most amazing experiment you've ever done?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
Who is someone you look up to but would never want to be like?
What are you going to buy with the money you've been saving?
What is one of your favorite NYC spots for nosh time?
What kind of mother do you wish you had been or do you think you've been?
What music is always in your ears (whether you like it or not)?
What movie do you know the most lines from?
Which fictional character do you most identify?
What would you say is your greatest strength?
If you could have your self written with three attributes, what would those be, and why?
If you could eat only one snack for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Can you tell me about your first kiss right now? That's probably a stretch but if there are no objections, I would love to hear about your first kiss and why it was special?
What gets you fired up excites or frustrates you? Think about what's worth fighting for or got a lot of weight on your shoulders?
What is a career you could be right now if you worked really hard but it didn't pay off?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What artist or music group from your city do you enjoy listening to?
What are you going to do this weekend?
If you could go back in time and talk to yourself 4 years ago, what would you tell you 4 years ago? How do you know that what they said was wrong or wrong?
What was the worst thing you have ever done in your life?
Do you consider yourself a risktaker?
What was your favorite TV show as a child?
What has been your biggest regret in life so far?
What’s your favorite book?
What book changed your life?
What everyday activity will your parents always find ridiculous if you were to do it?
What are you really worried about?
If you had to define success in one word, what would that word be, and why?
I'd like to read a loveetter that captures your heart... for one day!
Where are you if you have a $1000, and you can do whatever u want to do?
What was your favorite food as a child and what is it that you still crave or miss most?
What would you prefer to live in a world where people are immortal or a world where all the people die at the same time?
Favorites, airlines, or ride services?
Are you older than or younger than your parent(s)?
What would you name your first child?
When you are young, what future do you think you will be living in? – whether you are being born a few years before or a few years after?
What did you do this past weekend?
What do you think the end will look like?
What was an embarrassing event in your life that you almost talked to someone about?
If you could teach the world one thing, what would that be?
What do you hope to see in other people that makes them a good traveling companion?
If you could meet 3 people from history and save their domains in hypothetical capsules on ileos, who would they be?
If you could learn anything on the spot, what would it be?
What is something you made but never got around sharing with anyone else?
What did you do when grief/sadness/atonement first overcome you? And how did that turn out for you?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
When did something acquire the quality of nativity and break the laws of causality?
What are you interested in? Share with us exactly how you are interested in books?
What kind of problems are too weird to solve?
If there were two world powers and they were at war, what stuff would be allowed to fight with? What weapons would they have?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
What is the biggest regret of your life?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
How do you learn something that interests you?
What do you think would happen if drugs became illegal?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
If you could ask your cancer doctor anything you'd like, what would you ask?
What would the title of your perfect autobiography be?
How would "The Weather" affecft you?
What is your opinion on wearing cologne and perfume?
What is the first thing you do when you get home?
Why are you still using social media like Instagram and Facebook?
Is there something else about your personality that goes beyond your makeup?
If you were born again, what would you want to know about your previous existence and what would you like to do next time around?
What do you want to do before you die?
Who is the most generous person you know? If two strangers came up to you and gave you each $200, how fast would you spend it? All of it?
What are you grateful for in life?
If you had to spend the next 20 years doing manual labor, but in a career where no one else worked and there was always food at home, what would you do?
There are two kinds of violence: 1) Physical and 2) Mental: What is something you would do if you were constantly being shouted at or mocked/gaslighted? (some of us have been abused mentally to the point that emotion doesn't come out?)
What are some of your favorite music artists?
What is a piece of advice you would give to yourself?
What kind of person do you respect most?
What made you do something today that you did not have to do?
What got you into Coding?
What was something you really wanted to do when you were a kid, but just didn't get the chance?
What was your most intriguing relieving voyage?
Which do you think would be better for humans to be soft or if someone beat the hell out of them?
What is the craziest holiday you hate to see come around?
What are you proud of that you never brag about?
What is the best piece of technology you own that does not get outdated easily?
What is something you can do to stay healthy and fit?
Have you ever wanted to tell a secret but not tell?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
How did you find purpose and happiness in life?
Have you ever tried to be a hero? What kind of hero could you become if you could be invisible while moving like a fly?
How life could be like if we don't have '9 planets (science feature of Coursera course Thinkx Chapter 15).
Tell me something that no one knows about you.
Buy a pair of shoes, this may be the last time you will ever buy them for yourself.
describe a time when someone is innocent, about which you have aclose call; think of as many details as you can.
What can your day look like if no one is telling you what to do?
Which teacher in school did you like the most?
Did you believe in Santa Claus as a child?
What most accurately describes your current job?
What is a thing most people do, but doesn't think about?
How do you plan for something that you have no control over?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
Who would you like to thank and how are they supporting you?
How do you go about choosing things? What's your philosophy?
If money was not an object would you give money to one person only without bothering about how much or in general what you receive?
What was the most difficult situation you've faced? What did your researching/// thinking get you?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever done?
What makes you valuable to another person?
What causes innatal blindness?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but I've heard it's hard to start a conversation with strangers or people you don't know.
If you could just talk to one person (outside of your family) on familial terms, that is, who do you want to talk to?
What was the most engaging 5-minute TV hour you have seen?
What is an important human ability that you sometimes use too much?
Ever heard of Warren Buffett 5//25 strategy?
What is//was the best part about your current job?
How do you choose your reactions to life?
What is the last thing that you changed? What did it allow you to achieve, how did it make you feel and why did you change it?
What is something profoundly disturbs you and why?
Who is the most retiring person you know?
Name three things you and your partner have in common.
When was the last time you cry?
What makes you angry? Can you control that anger and how?
What's something everyone should do at least once in their life?
What is something you think most people have the opposite experience?
What is something you wanted to do in someone else's life, but never have the chance?
How much did you weigh when you had your first kid (or where about the same?)?
What would happen if you spent the day talking to everyone you met? How about everyone in this bar for a change?
Your words will often be vulnerable to a listener. If you have something very sacred inside of you, your words might not have much impact.
How would you describe your current feelings about yourself?
What do you think is the environmental crisis that humanity faces today?
What are you really good at doing that no one sees, or notices?
What is your biggest fears (in your family, at work, in life, in general)?
What is something you would like to learn yourself, but it's digesting yourego so hard you can't?
Would you change the way you have been raised if given the chance?
Did you ever create a bucket list? What stuff do you want to experience before you die?
Did anyone ever figure who Robin Williams is?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What is something you would be really good at if you had the time to invest in it?
Who are you and what do you hope to accomplish while alive? I'm curious.
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What do you think of climate change and the related theories?
What were you like in high school?
What is your favorite conversation starter for strangers and the most awkward one for the one you go to see each week?
What is something you never want to experience?
What’s the ideal date you always wanted to have?
If someone came out of the blue and gave you $1 million dollars to give away with no promise of how to deal with it, how would you distribute it among people you know?
What is something that most people don't know about your business/ profession or interest?
What is something you've done in your life that was totally irrational but yet somehow it turned out just fine?
What do you wish people knew about you that they don't?
What are you doing to learn new stuff?
What would you do if you know you only had 1 year left to live and wanted to do as much as possible?
What's the most considered item you've made, but didn't actually use?
If you could eat lunch with someone, dead or alive, who would it be?
What would you do if someone left their briefcase on your desk? Would you open it and, after finishing the task?
What are you curious about and why?
How would you explain "Profit Margins" to a nontechnical person?
Are you interested in any foreign or domestic sports esp. ones involving your partners interested? Which are better to watch over?
Was it your idea or someone’s idea?
One of the better and funnier play by play announcers was former NBA star-turned Emmy Award winning color commentator Bill Walton.
There have been many fake stories lately about you. Do you think it's possible to create a machine that can generate an accurate fake article about you for a nonfiction book?
What is the biggest reason why you think you are going to win?
What is something you could never do?
What's the worst movie you've seen recently?
Name the craziest thing you've done for a girl or, if you're currently in a relationship, name the craziest date you've ever been on.
Are you afraid if living forever meanssacrificing your current interests and passions just so they won't get old along with yourself? Do you find it hard thinking about giving up some things just so they won't get old while having everything else remain new forever?
What is the best thing about living in your state?
What makes you different from others?
Which celebrity who you do not know do you want to meet?
Have you ever felt that your existence is transitory?
If your life was a book, what would the title be?
How would you work with a person who has the IQ level of a 2 year old?
Why is your birth date significant?
If you could only use one word for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is your favorite scent?
Who is your hero and why?
How can other people impress you?
How do you know if a person is good or evil?
What is something parents should teach to their kids?
Do you have dreams and time?
What is the meaning of life?
What is your favorite city you've traveled to?
What are the most popular and successful social media networks in your opinion?
Which is more important to you right now?
How do you make sure you give satisfaction to judges?
What games/ activities do you reflect on now have become much more than they used to be?
Do you discipline yourself to keep away from food or other indulgences when you're traveling?
Who are some of your all-time favorite movies?
Long story short: Give a stranger a compliment, for example, by telling them something they are wearing or holding is unique or like something you own.
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
What is your favorite genre of movie?
If you could spend 24 hours and five $$ for your familiy chat with, whom would you choose?
What was the most frustrating experience in your life?
What do you look for in a lover?
What is something you did recently that really took less than 5 minutes to complete?
If you could have dinner with any artist, dead or alive, who would it be, and why?
What opportunity or career has blown you off track?
What are the elements that are most important to your beliefs about how the world should be?
What's the best conversation you've had recently?
What is someone you admire most and why?
How would you feel about getting a fake person for the day and instead spending money on silly things, you could bet that person for how long they are your slaves if you trick them into leaving?
Did you go to college?
If you had to write a book about your fantasy job, what would it be about?
What's the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
What do you think is the biggest complaint with modern movies?
What is something you don't like about yourself?
What did you eat for breakfast this morning?
What is something you did when you were younger that you wish you could do today?
What's one reason we haven't found alien life forms?
If you were an animal, which would it be, and why?
If you couldn't talk for 3 minutes, what would you want the silence to reveal to you?
What is the hardest thing you have ever done?
What is the craziest thing that has ever happened to you?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
If you could write an algorithm or program to help you make decisions, what kind of decisions would it be able to help with?
How would you rate yourself as an artist from 1-10?? Show me some of your work, I'd love to critique it for you!
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
What do you think about of the following one on one?
If you could go back in time and change something, what would it be?
How would your parents describe you back when you were young?
If you saw someone selling hot dogs and they dropped one on the ground, would you buy it?
What thing do you cherish most, that has given you the greatest satisfaction?
What is the saddest day you remember?
What do you think is the best thing about being different?
What has been your favorite job?
Who are the most famous bunch of people you see everyday or every other day?
Do you believe there is any positive force in the world?
Would you rather have limited sight with enhanced hearing or google enhanced senses?
What's one thing people would be surprised to learn about you?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
What's a talent that few people know about?
If you only had 24 hours left and could do anything, what would it be?
What is something that people always misunderstand about you?
Who or what is uch better than sex?
If you could return to any year, which would it be, and why?
What book made you think about life or changed the way u see the world?
What was your favorite show as a child?
What is the best way to get over a crush?
Where are you now that you need to be?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
If a doctor suddenly became crazy and declared the end of the world, how soon would he be executed or shot? - - S. State Dept. spokesperson April Flores.
What would you say if they asked me to talk to all thirty of my kids about what to do if they ever got in trouble? What would I tell them?
What's one thing in the world that no one else knows about you, but you alone?
When was a time you had to take care of someone or were taken care of? Why did it happen and how did that event change you?
If you were to go back in time, and you had the power to rule the world as you wanted... who would rule this universe?
We should trade body fat with each other - -that way I will always tell you how you look from the back.
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
What is a notion that never quite sense to you?
What do you do that either worries your parents or makes them proud?
Do you have a favourite cartoon?
What is your favorite show to watch when you don't want to fall asleep?
If you could tell the future, who in this world would you like to see us 7 years from now?
What is something important you took for granted as a child?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
If you had to only use social media apps for one week, which ones would you choose?
What was life like in your family growing?
If you could breathe underwater and fly, what would you explore first?
What kind of mental or physical tools do you think will make your life better?
What would your perfect outfit be?
If you could change one thing about your life, what would you change?
What are your New Year's Resolutions?
What would be your general plan if you made a rule where no sad or judgemental people were allowed?
What have been a few of the craziest situations you over achieved?
I couldn't help but notice how beautiful you are.
You have just watched a movie. What is one thought you had right after the movie was over?
If you could've told your past self, and this would definitely eradicate one disease.
What are you doing here?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, what would change about the next year of your life?
What do you worry about?
If a house is burning, are you more likely to save the dog or cat inside?
What is something you have denied yourself in the pursuit of success, but now think about it, you should have maybe done it?
When and where were you involved in an interesting situation?
If you could book a tour of centuries old ruins in your city, which ruins would you visit?
What is your biggest priority right now?
What are your thoughts on religion or spirituality?
What is an interesting but boring subject?
If you could change the past, what would it be?
If you could hire someone else's brain for 24 hours, what hole in knowledge and experience would you be curious to fill?
What is your favorite charity?
What makes you angry?
What are some words you would use to describe yourself?
How did you decide what to do in life?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is the most weirdest thing you know how to do that you would never try if it was your last day on Earth?
Ahh, tell me about your grandmother.
What Questions Do You Never Get Answer?
How would you improve (insert topic) in your local community?
You have been given a second chance at life.
What is something you wouldn't want to know about a random person you're standing next to?
What skill do you wish you had?
Which month do you believe is the best time of the year?
What is something you wish everyone would understand?
Explain to me what's the purpose of icebreakers.
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What life habit inspires you the most? And why?
For any given thing, describe it in plain English as clearly as possible.
Who are three heroes in history?
What's something you want to (or did) change about your city or country?
What color do you get excited about?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
What movies have you seen recently in the theater? If it's not a good movie, who's with you and why?
What is something you feel that is bigger than yourself...
What kind of car do you drive or ideal car?
What is a piece of advice that has served you well?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What happened to your favorite childhood toy that you never found again?
Does it make your hair stand on end?
If your house suddenly became completely in fire, what one item would you choose to save?
If you could have a superpower, what would be the superpower that would give you the most joys in life?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your city?
Although happiness is not, ultimately, what we are striving for, it has affected me greatly in my life.
If you were to teach a course, what would it be about?
In the moonlight, it's almost as though I need someone to touch me deep be inside.
If you could change three things about the world, but know that your changes would also fundamentally change it in other ways that are out of your control, so that in 2038 the changes may no longer be relevant or may no longer be possible, what would those three things be?
What technologies or tools are you excited about?
What is something your friends would consider a slammed-dunk for you?
How do you spark joy within the people around you?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What was the last thing you rejected to do?
What do you do in your free time?
What is one of your favorite things about a person (i.e., friend, family, member, or past/present romantic interest)?
What's your weaknesses?
If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be?
Is there a particular story that comes to mind when you think of a great example of being tough on standards and kind with people?
What paper on did you write when you were young?
What are you doing here?
What were you like as a child?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would you do with it?
If you could add a superpower to your superpowers, what would it be?
What is something that needs improving with your job/school?
What's one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
Which philosophical idea is the hardest for you to grasp and why?
What do you consider to be dependent of your annual income?
If you could be an artist for a day, which one would you want to be, and why?
What are your top 5 interests? How are you getting better at these and what would you like to become even better at?
What is the most important or useless fact anyone has told you today?
How do you deal with anger when you're fully confident?
What is on someone's mind?
What are the best cities to live in? 1) (fill in city) 2) (fill in city) 3) (fill in city)
Is there something that you are not sure about?
What would you do if you adopted a 15-year-old murdered girl?
What is an argument you have had recently and how was your side won?
What's the closest you have ever come to death?
If you were trapped on a desert island with nothing but the knowledge how to hunt birds would you survive 12 rounds, there is more to gain by asking how?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What do you consider to be a success in your life so far?
What are you binge watching right now?
What are your goals for this year and next?
Which three words best describe your house style?
What do you hope never changes about yourself?
What are your thoughts on religion, God, or spirituality?
At the end of your life, what is the one thing you wish you could tell yourself?
What would your dream job be?
How do you read for fun?
Who is your favourite superhero or such?
What are best and worst pick-up lines?
What is the most amazing thing you have experienced?
What's your opinion on aids?
What's one thing everyone else (-a coworker, an in-class peer, a child, etc.) thinks is weird about you?
What is a question you’ve always wanted to ask someone but never had the courage to ask?
What skills do you think that folks, my age, should be learning instead of what they do now?
What do you think about when you get hungry?
What's the best place you've ever been on vacation?
How has your quality of life improved over the last few years?
What are things you want to do before you die?
Have you ever started a fire?
If you could eat lunch with someone here for IRC, who would it be?
What is a place you would like to go for a dream vacation?
What’s the most challenging thing you've learned to live with?
If you were a ghost, what elements would you be made of...and which ghosting principle would you follow?
What was the best compliment you ever received?
When you work for a living, what part of it feels like work, and what part feels like play?
What is the best advice someone has given you recently?
Is there anything that's really scary now?
What is a blast from the past that everyone should revisit?
What best describes you?
What do you think is the most important lesson in life?
What is the best game you have played?
What are you doing here?
What do you wish your mother knew when you were younger?
What would be your best shower thought?
Who do you look up to most?
What was the first thought in your head after you were born?
Make any movie at all realistic with fake names, costumes and locations.
If you could eliminate two of your greatest sins, what would they be?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but judging from the story of your life so far, guess which book series do you tacitly claim to belong to?
Which do you think is better being yelled at or ignored after saying or doing something wrong?
If you could immediately change two aspects of your life, what would they be?
What best describes you as a lover?
What are you most proud of, whether good or bad?
What would be a blog that you would like to start up in order to make a statement about something?
If you could put all your knowledge in one field (1) History, (2) Scientific Theory, (3) Religion.
What if/how should you tip your driver?
What do you think the future will be like when people can choose how they want to live their lives?
What comes to mind on hearing the word "values"?
What is one of your limitations and how best do you deal with this?
What is something most people take for granted that you do not take for granted?
If you could be invisible, what would you do?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don’t appreciate or notice?
What would your perfect day look like? Max (3 sentences).
If you have plenty of time for a movie, what would you watch?
What's your favorite book?
What is something you would like a to do?
What's the funniest story you can tell about something silly that happened this week?
How did you decide what to do in life?
If you could live forever, would you?
What would be the rules of engagement?
What would you do if you didn't have to work while still making as much money you do now?
What was the last cute thing anyone did for you, to inspire any warm and fuzzy feelings?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
Write your best joke.
What kind of art do you enjoy?
What is your purpose in life?
What snack food or drink is your guilty pleasure?
If anything, what has been the most important decision in your life so far?
Have you ever avoided any situation to avoid embarrassing yourself?
What do you think is the meaning of life? If you don't know, or this question feels too headcratchy, feel free to answer a question about your philosophy or about feelings about life that you have.
When you sleep in on your alarm clock, how did it feel?
If you had to marry a flower, what would it be? e.g., roses, andtulips or irises.
Who was your favorite teacher?
Do you think they exist, "What if?" in life?
How would your close friends describe you?
Have you ever found something from another person? What was it and how did it change your life?
Which historical figure would be the worst person to run for president today?
What are some of the most abundant resources, natural or manmade, in your area?
If time would go backwards and you had an infinite amount of money, what would you do with it?
What's one lie you have told yourself?
What do you believe is the best in life? What brings you joy and happiness?
What is the most recent [video series](https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=hrum0vmja-g)? You've watched?
What do you consider to be your most serious failing?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is the best reason to be excited about the coming year?
What habits do you have that are hurting you?
What was the inspiration behind your last project or your last achievement?
When are you at your most vulnerable and how do you protect yourself?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could rid themselves of?
What do you like to eat?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What's on the TV you couldn't change the channel of?
What's your favorite city you've traveled to? What makes it so great?
Does a knife divide itself?
How do you make important life decisions?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What's the most amazing building, or structure, or monument you've seen in person?
Name 3 things that you love to do.
In one word, how would you describe your biggest fear in life?
What are you most well known for?
What are the things you have changed your life for?
Think about your country or your city, do it have a history that you would like to learn more about?
Which childhood memory would someone have to hit you upside the head with in order to jog it back into your brain?
What made you sad today?
What do you like to cook when you have time?
What's something important that you don't normally discuss, but are keen to learn more about?
What is your favorite joke?
What's something your parents taught you that you know now that they didn't teach you when they were raising you?
Which one would you like to have kids with the most?
What are you talented at?
If you could be any animal, what would the creature of your choice be, and why?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
Before you die, what is one question you have always wanted to know the answer to?
Where else did you live?
Do you have a life motto?
If you could give me a day off to do anything I want, what would you do the next day with this day?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What's one thing that would improve your quality of life if it was in your budget?
What is something you do for fun or that interests you?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
There is no such thing as perfect.
If you could ask the president of the United States one question what would it be?
How would the world change if artificial intelligence could feel human suffering and pleasure?
What does being a "misunderstood" person mean to you? Who are all the people that fit into that category?
What do you know now that I would?
If heaven is real and you could see it for yourself, would you want to leave life behind to go there?
What is something that most people don't know about you?
What's the most ridiculous cartoon //// cartoon character you've seen?
What's the biggest success in your life?
What makes you happy or sad?
What strange but interesting fashion trend that exists today?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
When did you last use your phone extensively and why?
What’s the best advice you ever got about life?
You are stuck on acrowded heap of gold coins that individually weigh 1000 grams. You personally cannot carry more than 3000 grams at all. You must find the maximum value worth of gold you can carry.
Look at a mirror and try to tell if you have gone gray. Do nothing for 2-3 days, then look in the mirror again to see if your hair has turned gray.
Do you like most the way your hair grows?
What was the last movie you saw in the theater?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would you do with it?
Are you a risk-taker?
How do you handle stress?
Who was your favorite teacher in high school and why?
If you had unlimited wealth and time, what would you do with them?
Can you give some advice to up and coming students on how they should progress in their careers?
What would you do if your partner was cheating on you?
Any good jokes I can tell you to share?
What do you think the death of this person results in for those still alive?
What is your favorite line from a book, move, or song, or TV show?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Do you have any kind of secret talent?
If you could rename the earth, and keep your choice a secret, what would you rename it to?
Where are you going to travel in the next five years, if anywhere?
Who are you today, and what do you want to be tomorrow?
What kind of books do you like to read?
What would you think if youwoke one day as the opposite sex?
What places do you wish you could visit because of time constraints and money?
What's one thing you would definitely never kill for and are extremely thankful for having?
Why pursue //// why be fond of your present career?
What happened to a perfect day/night/moment that you experienced so far?
What are you looking forward to doing someday, that you can't do today?
What kind of stories do you like to read?
What's your first childhood memory?
What is the biggest mistake you ever made in your life so far?
If you had to say what your most synonymous trait is, what would that be?
What is something that you feel gets a bad rap?
What was the worst experience of your life?
describe where you live.
What is the single most impressive thing you know?
Have you read anything lately that you really enjoyed?
If you had to pick one, what TV show would you be on?
Do you feel that technology is having a positive or negative effect on humanity?
Do you prefer talking face to face or over the phone?
What kind of music do you listen to? What's your favorite song that has been recently played on the radio?
Have you ever measured my patience in a relationship?
What prompted your decision to respond to pollin questionaire this week?
What's the biggest mystery in your life that you hope to solve someday?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience? if so describe it in detail.
What actually makes you feelsad?
What are your major goals for this year and next?
If you could use any super power, what would it be, and why?
What is a past hobby of yours that you would like to start up again?
Do you have any special items from childhood that you cherish now?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told?
What do you think you look like on the inside?
What do you look for in a partner?
What's your favorite topic of conversation?
Would you rather go back to school than stay where you're at?
Who or what is your spirit animal?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What makes you trust someone?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?"
What would people have to do or say to consider you "weird"?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What was the last song you sung?
If you could have any superpower right now, what would it be?
Tell me about the last time you said I love you. Imitating happens some times a day. whtt do people say?
What’s your favorite way of breaking up with someone?
What word or phrase do you make up to describe people whom you do not know?
What's the first thing you do in the morning?
What makes you or your profession unique?
What is the most important problem you have in your life?
among all your friends, who has the worst luck with love/hate relationships and what do you think is causing it?
What is one thing you would like to improve about yourself?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What was your favorite childhood TV show? What is it like today?
What's the best piece of advice you ever received?
What is something you would keep to yourself right now?
How do you spend most of your spare time outside of work?
What's the best way to get over a girl/guy you really like?
Who is on your personal hero list?
What has been your most memorable trip with friends, family or alone?
What is the Silliest nightmare you have?
What is the craziest thing you've ever done?
What is something everyone at the table must know?
How did you discover your passion?
What makes you different // an individual?
If you are not dead in a year, what would you like to become?
Are you like me? If so, what’s the most mindblowing piece of information you discovered talking to me?
What is the moral or legal rights of monitored entities that people volunteer to surrender?
What’s the greatest thing about your hometown?
If you could save just one child's life, what would it be?
Give me 3 examples of how your 19th year was planed ahead of time.
If you could choose any actor(s) to play the male lead in your next movie, who would it be?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
What makes you feel untrue to yourself?
Is there a particular place you've always wanted to visit?
If you had infinite resources and could do whatever you wanted, what would you build?
Do you think movies are worth the price in tickets and the time for school activities spent watching them?
If there was ever a dessert match made in heaven, what would the two be and make it so you can't order everyday?
Where would you like to travel next?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
Tell me about your most memorable work/school experience.
What was a job you hated and/or weren't good at? Was it an unpleasant memory, a painful experience or something you dealt with but eventually blew over?
What do you think about when you look at the moon, sun, earth, or stars?
What's one thing people would be surprised to learn about you?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyon to read, which would you choose?
How often do you lie?
Tell me about a tough decision you've had to make.
What's your favorite game to play on a rainy day?
What was the best thing that happened to you this weekend?
Which song of Adele has been your favorite so far?
What would be your first question when you start working on a new project or job?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
What's your favorite book?
If you could have an antibiotic that worked against any one disease, what would that disease be?
What are most of the things you own?
Does the truth really set you free? If so, what is the truth for you?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
If given the chance, who would like to be with you forever? What would he/she do while you're together?
What is one bit of advice that has helped you throughout your life?
If you could pick up song and play it whenever you want, what would it be?
You automatically go into slow motion when you hear the theme song from Jaws ('For those who are unfamiliar with this movie'), it can be grouped with: "Sharks are badasses, and if you go in the water, we will kill a hahahaha...youuuuu...u...u...u...u...!').
Have you traveled outside of the country? If so, what did you learn about other people/places/cultures?
What is the weirdest experience you've had?
What has been your nightmare?
If you love someone, food has to taste different, even if it doesn't have anything to do with that person.
What do you think is the biggest problem with the education system in your country?
How do you prefer to be introduced?
What is the best meal you ever had?
How would you describe yourself to someone you've just met?
What is your best moment ever?
Who was your friend but never really was? Why did you think they were a friend?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
What is the strangest thing you have ever eaten?
What is something you can learn from the different people around you?
Have you had one of those special life events that really shape who you are and how it has shape?
What is one of your favorite places in the world (where you’ve been for the first time)?
Who do you look up to and what is one piece of advice have you got from them that stuck with you?
What do you do soon as you wake up?
However, you live your life without pushing people away, you are one step ahead of the game.
What happened to you that was wrong?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
What question would the average person have to answer in order to get a job here?
Have you ever felt so comfortable with someone, and frustratingly wish you could be closer to that person?
What is an interesting fact about you?
What's one thing you're really good at?
What is something you are really into right now?
If you could only give each person one word, how would that word be related to science?
How would your life be different if you could choose the people to love the most? How would it be different if you could choose the people to forgive?
What is something you could never do for 24 hours and still beanger at it the next day?
What are you thinking about?"
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
How's the weather where you are?
What's your favorite TV series?
What is something no one in your house can ever have too much of?
If you are married, what is something you want your spouse to improve upon or incorporate into their own life?
Have you ever done anything crazy before?
Tell me something that you have always wanted to do/be.
What is a fact or behavior about yourself or another who is working in the room which no one would ever guess for whatever reasons?
What is your guilty pleasure?
How did you discover your passion?
If you were going to carve a statue after yourself, what pose and/or character traits would you want it to have?
If you could tool around space anytime, with anyone (you, who star in the matrix), where would you go and who would be with you?
What did you learn when you were young that you still remember that has influenced how you operate today?
What song best represents you?
What did you grow up with?
What is something collective that you're really good at?
How do you know when a good mood comes on?
If you died this evening and someone could only call 5 people on your contact list, who are they?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
What is the biggest goal that keeps you up at night?
You go on a blind date. What roles would you fill?
What should your name be, if it could be anything at all?
What is one thing people do not know about you?
What are some things about you, people don't know?
How is your relationship with your mom, dad, and siblings?
What was the best year of your life?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
What do you appreciate most about the relatively young modern life?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What is your favorite food?
What is your method of effective communication?
Do you prefer modern or ancient books?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis like Dopamine hits?
If there was a world war 3) and you were one of the 10 people who survived in a nuclear bomb shelter, what would you wish on?(other than not being in this situation?)
What's the oldest thing that you've kept throughout your life?
Is there a movie you have seen repeatedly because you can't find any other movies like it?
Looking back as far as you can remember and through your life, compose a collection of "100 things".
If you could change one thing about the world regardless of guilt or politics, what would it be?
What current trend most prevalent in media makes no bloody sense to you?
What art piece in the park have you sat in front of more than any other?
We have a child joke. “How does the theremin work?” Is that a joke you and your partner would know I asked about because you're both musicians?
What's worse, being serial cheat or someone who always keeps a Haute Relation with everyone?
What would you call the film version of your life?
What's something you've always wanted to accomplish but just don't yet?
In your view, what do you consider to be the most important issues our society should focus on?
How many people are in your immediate family?
What piece of technology do you always have access to?
Try to define success in a simple term. What does success mean to you?
What are the biggest risks you ever took in your occupation and how have they paid off?
What is the hardest thing you have ever experienced and how did you deal with it?
When do you know that you've broken free from a crazy situation?
What element of our lives are we consistently placing a down-the-doel limit to?
What project would you most like to take on the top 5 people you've worked with?
If we had a guaranteed answer to one question you have, what would that be?
What are the best and worst experiences of your life so far?
If you could have people in your life, who would they be?
What cities have you been to? What cities would you love to visit?
What would most people think but don't say to someone you truly love?
What instrument do you wish you could play?
What do you feel is your secret talent?
What was the best day of your life?
For a long time I thought all material goods were good. Just because you can buy, doesn’t mean it’s good. If something has good value and benefit for everyone please share that, if not or you don't understand why don't share.
What is something you consider to be a positive trait?
If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to the location of your choice, where would you go?
What's the best city to live in right now?
What are some of the big life lessons you learned from growing?
What's the funniest thing that happened to you in the last week?
If you could change one thing in the world, what would it be?
Are you afraid if living forever meanssacrificing your current interests and passions just so they won't get old along with yourself? Do you find it hard thinking about giving up some things just so they won't get old while having everything else remain new forever?
What is something you are working on right now?
What's the most difficult decision you have ever faced?
If you died tomorrow, what would you be happy with your life and would you want anyone to repeat those things?
What question would you like to not have to answer but have to?
What are the most important (8 numbers) to you?
You're stuck on an island with a perfect tree house tree, located exactly where the tree house would be, so no one would notice if there was a tree house inside. You can't see it from where you are below. But someone else who's also stuck on this island with you can see it. But they can't reach it and can't tell if there's anything inside or not.
What are some of the main things in you that make you you?
How do you handle the occasional pressure and anxiety of having to perform?
How did you spend the most recent birthday you had?
Who do you most admire in real life?
What has been your favorite thing to learn?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What is something intriguing you know about the world?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
What’s your biggest goal now?
What is the best you can describe your current life?
What is your philosophy of life?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
Are you afraid if living forever meanssacrificing your current interests and passions just so they won't get old along with yourself? Do you find it hard thinking about giving up some things just so they won't get old while having everything else remain new forever?
What's something everyone should try once in their life?
What is something you have learned from your parents?
What is the first thing that comes to your mind when you think about singularity?
If you were king or queen, what would you do?
What is the most courageous thing you have ever done?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
What Natural Resources are most abundant in your country?
Which mission statement?
Do you read or watch TV shows or is there anything on this weekend? What can we do tonight when the beer and pizza are finished that won't cause a mess?
What was the saddest book you ever read?
What do you want to do before you die?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
What would be interesting we could help with in this community?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What's done is done, and there's no point crying over spilt milk...ever. What would have been smarter for you to have done?
What does the future look like to you?
Is anyone in your family or a close friend going through a trial right now?
What do you wish someone had told you when you were 18?
If the world suddenly became perfect, what would you do with your life?
What talents do you wish you could show off without caring what people say?
Do you know what makes you weird in this world?
What do you think is the single best piece of advice somebody has given you in your life?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
We're all part of a network ofwormholes stretching on intofinity - by our very existence we'reescaping gravity, twisting space, and bending time.
What was a big dilemma for you in your life?
Have you been in that place in your life where everything was going right until someone/something turned up the heat?
What equality between men and women do you desire?
What is your favorite subject in school and why?
What's one of your favorite game night topics, something you can never stop talking about?
What are you passionate about in life?
Where is the best place you have ever been?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
What are you most inspired?
Where is your favorite place to travel?
Did you take a gap year?
Who do you respect for their ability to come up with great ideas and execute them quickly? Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or someone else entirely? Why that person and why do they inspire you (or not)?
What do you do when you are hurt or upset?
"You may encounter an individual who claims to be a prophet." What is important to you... To know if this is the case?"
What are some songs you like from relatively unknown singers?
What are you most talented at?
People under this question  asked us to start with our "deepest fears/worries". I'm curious and I'd love to hear your thoughts. So here we go...
You are free for the night, where would you go, and why?
If you could have a conversation with the Dalai Lama, what would you talk about?
Do you have a philosophy in life? if so what is it?
What is the worst thing anyone has done to you recently and how did you handle it?
What are your most important details for finding happiness? What brings you joy and happiness?
If you could either live without sleep or without food, which would you choose?
What's something you don't normally like, but for some reason you've been drawn to recently?
If you could have a conversation with anyone from history, who would it be?
Would you come to my funeral? Why or why not?
What's your favorite Google algorithm?
Who is the greatest person you have ever seen in your life?
If you could live in any time period, which would you choose, and why?
How do you typically take support from others?
Which piece of art do you like the most?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your country/city/village?
What have you been doing lately?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What's on your bucket list that you've never done and always wanted to do?
Without knowing my name, what would you guess about me?
What is the most beautiful experience you've ever experienced in your life?
What do you think is the most important piece of knowledge everyone should have in their brains?
What are your top 5 goals or most important dreams or hopes?
What is something you would never switch for?
describe your favorite pet.
What was a weird transition phase in your life?
What is something you would love to learn how to do?
What do you most regret changing in order to adapt to society?
Which book challenge are you excited to begin?
What is the biggest accomplishment you have made in the last few years in your life?
How did you discover your passion?
If you could be any animal, which animal would you be, and why?
If you had all the time in the universe and a small private island with nobody else on it and no technology would you spend it writing or traveling?
What skills can you teach someone else in your organization to use?
How would you rate yourself as an artist from 1-10?? Show me some of your work, I'd love to critique it for you!
In the last five years what was one time or twice that you did something that was very difficult and you felt a great deal of pride in having accomplished.
What is something you have learned about yourself in the last few years?
What did your parents teach you?
What was your most memorable gift from someone you wereRomantically involved?
What do you expect your future work to look like after college?
What's one thing you can never get enough of?
What has been your biggest life regret?
What is the biggest sexual turn-off for you and what is the biggest sexual turn-on?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
Would you go to another country alone now that you know travel brings up so many questions to mind for a lot of people?
Where do you see yourself in 20 years time with where you are now?
How do you make important life decisions?
What do you want to do before you die?
What movie did you see recently that made you feel like you were growing as a person?
What is the best way to learn a new language?
What is the one thing you see yourself doing over and over again in five years?
When was the last time you kicked your own butt?
What makes you different from everyone else?
Is there an emotion (positive or negative) that you haven't experienced very often and is one of your triggers for bad habits? For example, if you're used to being in control, so when you feel out of control, step on a leg would be a bad habit?
What are your top 3 all-time favorite movies? What about them makes them so great?
What is your favorite book or movie that you recommend?
What is something you feel guilty about?
How do you think you spent your day?
What's the most timeconsuming project you've ever taken on and how to make it more efficient?
What’s the oldest and craziest story you remember from your parents?
What things do you hook your mind onto but deep down inside hate?
What would you do with $1 million dollars?
Does anyone in your life make you feel just "happy to be alive?"?
How would you describe a perfect day for you?
If you wanted to reduce a set amount of money and the bank pays interest of the money, how much should each person contribute per week?
If you could have one superpower, would you use it for good or evil?
Which park would you spend a week in with your buddy, to get away and restore the mental clarity you need?
What is your biggest regret?
What games did you play the most in your childhood and life?
What's the most curious thing about the physical aspect of your partner?
What is something you are really into right now?
What would you do for a week if you didn't have to pay any bills or deadlines?
What was a supernatural experience that you have ever experienced?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
What were you most excited about becoming when you were a kid?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
What is a decision that you have had to beessed with in your work or personal life?
What do you expect from yourself in three years?
If you could learn any new skill tomorrow, what would it be?
If you were going to live on a desert island, what 3 things do you want?
Which fiction character do you most want to meet?
If you had no limitations and could do anything you wanted, what would you do?
What kind of pet would you like to have right now?
What do you do to help the world be a better place?
What can you do better than anyone else?
What are you doing to make the world a better place?
How do you feel about your current life?
If your company could eliminate one thing, what would be the one thing you would get rid of?
What words do you use to greet people around the world?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
If you want to make your name rock star, what kind of music would you choose to be best know for?
Non-one in the entire world would be able to look down on you or think you are below them unless you allow it. You are at a point where no person has ever been before and will not be for a very long time. Let go and imagine what life would be like after this.
If you were going to release an album, what tracks would it have? And who would play for those tracks?
What did you pick up in the last year, and if you could give it to your younger self, what would you to that future version of yourself?
Do you believe people can see ghosts or points in time?
Does money give you warm feelings?
Where do you find the most peace and serenity in your life?
What national or international crisis would be worth you giving up your life for?
Do you think that we learn something every time a mistake is made?
What do you think is the most important thing to any business or industry in the United States?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What's the best way to relax in your free time?
What is the coolest feature you talk about?
What do you find beautiful, something in nature or an image?
What movie would you say changed your life and why?
Late to the game ideas that paid off down the road.
What is something you have learned about yourself in the last few years?
What’s your best example of a good decision and an bad decision?
What are you most grateful for?
What's a question you wish someone would have asked you, but they never did?
If you could read any book, what book would you chose?
If you could have been told one thing and you never knew the other, what would you wish that was told to you?
What symbols and handwriting do you use?
What do you think about Chivalry?
How do you handle these days when everything seems to be falling?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
What are your lucky numbers?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
What do you think is the point of life?
What would you do if you were all alone in the world and had a million dollars to your name? What would you do? And why?
What is a pastime that you spend a lot of time doing?
How did you decide what to do with your life?
What is the most courage any of your friends has had within the last two years (e.g., saying to a partner that they should have an abortion or telling a teacher they should be expelled)?
What would you do if everyone in your family hated you?
What is the most painful thing that happened to you in your life physically?
What is something no one ever tells you about your profession?
What do you believe is the best in life? What brings you joy and happiness?
If money wasn't an issue, what would you do with your life?
What words did you learn that you were particularly proud of?
What is a lesson most people don't learn?
Is there a personality trait that surprises you the most, or that weaves in and out of your life?
What do you think is the right balance between hard work and happiness?
Where are some of the most beautiful places you have visited?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
What do you admire most about anyone?
What is the best way to make it through a difficult or boring task?
What would you do with $1 billion?
What are you doing for your next birthday?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
What's something everyone should know about you?
What's the harshest thing you've ever said to someone?
What is the most incredible experience you've ever had? How did that come about? What impact did it have on your life and why was it particularly special?
What do you think is the best 20th century invention?
What would be your best possible chance of getting a date in the next year? What if you had to go within a 5-mile radius?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
If you could change one thing in the world, what would it be?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
What do you think is important, but isn't anyone talking about?
What are you doing here tonight and where would you like to go?
What makes you feel alive?
What's one of your good but strange habits?
If you could now talk directly to me by thought, what would you say to me?
When was the last time you had a really bad day?
What do you wish the world didn't waste so much time on?
If you could change one thing about your home or neighborhood to make it even more beautiful, what would it be?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
What time of day seems most real?
Who do you spend the most time with?
What do you think about when you are not thinking about? Are there some people who have reallyshaped the way you think?
Do you think it's possible for people to feel false emotions?
What was the first truly original thought you had ever had?
Where is the most beautiful part of your city or country?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
What is something you love about yourself?
What I love most about the weather?
What TV show is on your bucket list?
If you could switch two movies, what would those movies be?
Do you prefer bedrooms with or without windows?
Who is someone you used to trust but are no longer?
If people want to find you, what should they search for on a social network?
What is something everyone should know about your trade/ profession/interests?
What movie could you watch over and over again, and never get tired of?
What about the internet makes you tick?
What was a turning point in your life?
describe your ideal hallway? 3) students, 3) lockers, and one set of partitions // tables.
What is a moment in your life you describe as not your proudest but a necessary step in getting there?
What do you consider to be one of the biggest mistakes you have made in your life?
Who do you hate (and why?)?
Do you prefer to listen to podcasts or a speaker or watch someone on YouTube?
When did you realise that you wanted to become xx?
What is something that makes you happy whenever you think about it or remember it?
What happened last night that you wish didn't happen?
How do you make others excited about learning math? (or) How not to confuse people when math is involved in a conversation?
What are some traits you look for in a friend?
What TV show is on your bucket list?
What was your favorite book as a child?
Communism or capitalism?
Can you hold a conversation in a philosophical matters?
Do you have any projects you're working on or wanna work on?
What are you most afraid of?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What is the most incredible thing you have ever seen?
What is the best thing you have inherited?
If you could have any superpower or be part of any organization, which would it be, and why?
If you were to get a tattoo, what would it be?
Have you ever had a near-death experience?
What is your biggest regret in life?
What football team do you support?
When you feel happy, what do you do?
Tell me more about your hobbies.
Who do you think changed the way you will eat pizza as a result of one picture?
What is the most amazing thing you have ever seen?
What's something you wish wasn't a stereotype?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What is something you have thought // / wish/ others would do?
What do you value and what do you think most people focus on, but don't understand how it really affects real life?
What is the most classical movie you can think of?
If you could be absolutely certain of something, what would it be?
What is something you want your children to learn about you and what is it that makes it significant?
What is a thing you thought you would never do but ended up trying out anyway?
If you could live anywhere in the world for 6 months, why?
What’s the most important thing anyone has said about you?
What portion of your day or week do you spend having a deep conversation?
Where do you find happiness?
Is there anything that you know has delayed your life? Tell me what it is?
What are your strengths and weakness?
Who has influenced you the most along your journey to becoming who you are as a person?
If you had to choose one thing frequently throughout the day to keep you happy and healthy, what is it?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
What is your ideal vacation spot (where you can go all by yourself?)?
What's the best thing that someone has said to you and why?
This time next week you will have completed one year of training at Amaan here at MentorshipLab?
What is something people don't know about yourself and would surprise them if they found out?
What's the most amazing idea you know?
What would your closest friends ask you to do, but you'd refuse because, for example, it doesn't make any sense or might look stupid?
What is something positive that happened to you today?
One year you have (free of obligation) to make one great act of love. Who do you pick?
What do you wish you knew as a child that you were told as an adult now?
What is the most natural thing you could possibly do on a bed of nails?
What are some of your favorite family vacations?
If you could have choice over your death any way (not the actual ending but things leading up to it)?
What is one thing you could do with a million dollars?
What song do you feel tells your life story?
What happens if you get mugged and you lost your wallet with a bankcard in it?
Of all the pets you've had, what was your favorite?
What are some of the most annoying or awkward things that people do when you're around them?
You have to be a leader of your peer group, show what it means to be active, and make peace about the insignificant details.
What is the biggest waste of your time or money?
Was there an animal you / were never allowed to have as a kid?
What made you happy this week?
Which dreams would you like to fulfill?
Today's a good day to talk about public safety.
What is an interesting fact or hidden talent someone has that you wish you had?
Where do you like to go to travel and why?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
Wikipedia What is one fact that you don’t like?
If you could only read, watch, or listen to one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What are your favorite sports stories?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is some advice that you would give to a younger version of yourself?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is the thing that you which you constantly think about?
If there was one piece of advice to kids that you could give them, what would it be?
What did you do when you got away from things that used to scare you?
If you could live 1990s America, which decade would you choose?
What sport do you absolutely hate to lose in?
What's your best example of bravery?
What is your favorite of these girls who don't admit that you like them?
What would be your perfect vacation day?
What are three things you wish you had told yourself 10 years ago?
Have you ever swear an oath or taken something seriously beyond promises that were made to one’s parents (e.g., saying nothing until you are married, saying nothing front of the police,...)?
Why do you let people see the real you or not?
How is your life different from what it was (10 years ago?
What is your philosophy of life?
What kind of people do you feel like you can get along with the best?
Tell me about something that made you feel really crying today.
If you had unlimited knowledge and understanding, what is the first thing you would research?
Einstein said one has to die twenty years before his death or else see the same life.
If you could have had the answer for your childhood question, "If you are to be a super hero by the end of this day, what powers would you have?", "What would they have been?"
What did you think your destiny was going to be when you were younger?
What do you wish you knew at 30 years old?
What is one thing you would never do in real life, but if it could get you the result you want it's OK?
What was your most recent worst public LOL moment (like spilled coffee on their teacher?)?
What is the last thing you bought and liked?
What sounds like the ideal Friday night for you?
How would you describe your most common tone?
Which famous artist do you most identify with?
What would you say is your greatest weakness?
What three words best describe you?
When you were 16, what was your first car?
What is the worst sentence you've ever written? Admittedly, we'll be not so much "deep conversations" here, as just one person (it could be you!) going on about a sentence that particulary tickled them or have really managed to embarrass them.
Are you terrible at flirting? What's the worst comment you've said to someone? How about a funny story about embarrassing yourself to someone?
What was your favorite animal when you were a child?
What's been the most uncomfortable conversation you've ever had?
What is something you should write on your tombstone (if so what and why?)?
If you could have everyone in the world read one book, what would it be?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
Oh, shit, I forgot my question!
What does friendship mean to you (and why?)?
What are your favorite parks in the world and why? When you were a kid, which park did you go to most?
Is there a book you've read, or show that you would recommend to another person?
What do you desire most in your life?
What has made you happy today?
If you were to write a book on the history of your life and could include 5 things at most, with each of them telling a long story, what would be included on it?
What do you think would be the most useful cheating check against a group of people?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
If you could live one day over again, what would that be?
How do you spell your name?
What was your greatest failure in life and how did you overcome it?
What keeps you up at night, in terms of professional/family/personal?
Are you a 5w1h being?
If you had unlimited resources and time, what project would you be working on right now?
What are the most important things to know about a person?
Would you stop crime if it meant making sure all criminals went to prison?
Why should businesses get the agricultural subsidies in the first place?
My current girlfriend seems kind of stupid and unapproachable, but it makes me sad. Is that why they say a relationship is healthy when women and men start to become more intimate?
If you could be absolutely certain of something, what would it be?
What have you been listening lately?
What do you hope your life will be like in 10 years from now?
What is one thing you do when you have time off?
What was a book that you loved when you were young that you still love today?
Have you ever had a crush on someone's significant other? What was it like?
What hobby do you want to get involved in outside of your work or work life?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but I've heard it's hard to start a conversation with strangers or people you don't know.
Who is someone you admire?
What did you find confusing when you started walking the earth? Did you ever get it?
A fake program on television has us, Nigeria's out here tryna turn the pussy into a money machine. This is not entertainment. It's starvation, like a nucleus bomb, that only gets bigger and kills more people if it goes off.
Favorite Children's Show?
Where do you want to be 5 years from now?
What assignments did you find the hardest to do?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
What do you feel about stress?
What is something you wish you knew more about? What area of knowledge would that be to learn more about?
What's a past time of yours that you have fond memories of oro revisit?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
How old, where you, when you had your first personal transformation?
I'm going to ask you a bunch of questions related to your life.... I missed a few more... What is your opinion on the state of politics today?
When was the last time you did something that made you feel alive? (or) When was the last time that scared the hit out of you?
What makes for a good life?
How do you express your realistic side or tendency to that people can see?
What are some of the best day trips you have ever taken?
What do you want to be most successful in doing while alive?
What is one important skill set that you have that would benefit someone efforts in the future?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
How to illustrate a poster?
Lost your card? What's the last thing you remember beforelost your card?
What is one thing that you regret in life and wish you could go back and do over?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
What did you love in school and disliked?
Who is a good doctor that you have seen?
What do you think the next dimension might look like?
Have you ever built or tried to build a computer from scratch?
What is the very best advice I've given you?
What are you best at (an area you excel at)?
What's the best music to listen to while doing this secret activity of yours?
If there was no music, what would you listen to?
What is something people don't often know about you?
What else would you add about it?((?)?)((optional))?
What scientific discovery made the most impact on humanity in the last 300 years, and why?
What kind of things impress you?
What has been the most awkward conversation that you've had?
What question would you like to be asked?
From the first moment you see it, how long does it take you to figure out a relationship with someone?
Yeah, I think my mother knows when something is wrong. The way she looks at me or how lost in thought she becomes when she thinks of something, but I haven't got around to asking her then. She's always worried, I can see it on her face.
What are you scared to start doing?
If you could only read, watch, or listen to one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What sights on Earth do you find beautiful?
If life were a movie, what would it be?
What would cause a world war?
Since you're sleeping on the street, where do you go to hit?
If you only had 24 hours to live, what would you do?
What do you want to do before you die?
What is something you have sidewalks in your city that look different than the rest of your city for reasons that go beyond their appearance?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
What's the most miraculous experience you've ever experienced?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
Anything you are afraid to do?
Knowing the full extent of human ignorance, will you join us?
What would you change about your home if you were able to?
What was the last funny movie you saw?
What was your first job?
What's the most terrifying thing you've ever experienced?
What is your vision for the future?
How did you grow differently than your peers?
What is something you learned in a foreign country that you never could have imagined?
Choose something that you need to work toward in the next 10 years. What 10 years from now will you (be mostly) fulfilled to have accomplished that?
What was your favorite game as a kid?
What do you most hope to gain in your professional and personal life?
What is something you've never done ////, // tried// and do not know anyone that has ever done it?
Who's been the most influential person you currently know in life?
What device, app or web service makes you more productive at work?
What's one thing you've wanted to accomplish for a long time?
What is something you are looking forward to this fall/winter?
What is one of your favorite movies?
What is your go to charity or way to donate money?
Do you believe in luck?
Have you ever done something illegal, but you know you cannot get caught?
If you could live forever, would you?
What was the biggest risk you ever took with your life?
What are you currently ing about/dreaming about most recently(your child?)?
Do you think life is more chaotic or less chaotic than most people think? Explain your answer.
What's one thing you can't live without?
What is your idea of the most amazing day so far?
Do you see a creeping growing darkness as  and  become,  and ?
If you could learn one single skill to perform with mastery, you don't currently have, what would it be?
What are the questions you like to answer related with math?
What's on your bucket list?
If someone asked you to describe the ocean in a brief intervie, what would you say?
If given spending money, how would you use it?
What are you most creative at?
What was the last book you read?
Do you want me to teach you something?
What's you most memorable scar?
What is your opinion on the current war in Iraq?
What changes in your lifestyle can you implement today to become a better person?
What have you learned from a past mistake?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What do you think is the next great discovery?
What's something you're concerned about?
What is something you did recently that made you proud?
How often do you think about death? Is it always scary but also a nest rush of excitement?
Can people change for the better?
What defines a successful life?
What are some books that you've never finished but peter paning on?
What do you do to get yourself to work on the days you don't feel like going in?
What's something you wish you could teach your younger self in life?
If you could fly, what would you do/see?
What is one thing that you have learned taking an unconventional approach to life?
What is the most beautiful thing you've seen through someone's eyes?
What is one important thing you are curious about that you currently could care less about?
What is the strangest conditioning method you've ever heard of or tried?
What is something that you were thing was impossible, but it actually happened?
Is there anything you do that's above suspicion and looks sneaky to others?
What is the most annoying type of person that exists in the world?
In only one word, what is your worst feature?
What is a talent that you have that very few people know about?
What do you wish people knew about you that they don't?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
What is your favorite season?
Have you ever had a really terrible day, what did you do to recover and calm down?
What is one of your favorite moodmakers? Why did you choose it?
What's the craziest scale you've ever seen a doctor weigh?
What kind of mental health struggles do you have?
If you were offered wealth beyond your wildest dreams, and you could do anything at all with the rest of your life, what would it be? You cannot compound the value of this by becoming a different person or living a different lifestyle.
Who is your favorite person or people that ever met?
What is the most unfair thing that has ever happened to you?
What have you been listening lately?
If time and/or money weren't a problem, what would you be doing right now?
What's your best icebreaker question?
How did you change between years (10 and now?)?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
What are some interesting facts about the human body?
What is something most people don't know about you (and it's not some juicy secret?)?
Which historical figure will have less impact on human history?
Ask a deep personal question that has never been asked before.
What have you been looking forward to? What is it worth to others?
If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be?
When was a time when you felt like you were living, your life for what it was, not for what others thought it's supposed to be?
What's your greatest compliment to another person?
What has been your biggest stumble?
What is one of your unique skills you could teach?
It's a perfect sunny day - you decide to go to the beach. What do you want to bring with you?
What time do you usually wake up in the morning and why?
If you were a deity, which one would you want to be?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What would be the worst TV show of all time?
Have you ever had a supernatural experience or encounter?
What would be a documentary on your life?
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
What is a talent you have that most people don't know about or appreciate?
What are some of the best stories you've heard about people you know?
If you and your partner got married tomorrow, why would you get married?
I don't think we speak the same language, do you?
What do you think is the most important social good project going on right now?
What was your last lie?
What's your favorite book or story that you've read that can apply in real life?
What's something you're looking forward to next year?
How do you stay in your center?
What's the best movie you've watched in the last three years?
What are you thinking about?"
If you could have a conversation with anyone of your choice while they are in the easiest physical state, they can be in (e.g., sitting down with a book), who would it be, and where would you take to them to have this conversation?
What would you do if you never had to work again?
Tell me something unusual that you did recently.
What's something you did or saw that changes how you think about yourself forever?
What is the craziest thing you've ever done?
What is one thing you and your partner disagree on?
What was your favorite game as a child/when you were young?
Do you think that being around animals is kin to being around people -- why or why not?
What social policies exist that are preventing people from having the lives they want?
How did you discover your passion?
Who are three people you admire most?
Do you feel more temperament or intelligence more like an animal?
What do you worry about the most?
What is something everyone should know about your trade/ profession/interests?
What were you think about when you were a kid?
What's something you are self-made/self-aught?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What is the greatest FAQ you have answered?
During what type of episode are you the most dangerous?
What determines the quality of a relationship? How would you define or rate its level?
What was your worst day of school?
What kind of lover are you?
What is your biggest pet peeve that people do or you experience frequently?
Which joke bring back to mind the most?
What's one of your favorite stupid life stories?
If you were a dictator, what economic system would you implement?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
If you could bring 10 people from history to dinner, dead or alive, who would those people be, and why?
Who do you go out of your way for without any thought of reward?
Are there different kinds of breathing? If so coach me through them?
If you could go somewhere, and it doesn't matter where you go, where would you decide to go?
What is your go to activity with no electronics involved?
Could you explain the purpose of your life to someone extremely smart, but that person is often highlytressed and takes everything in a bit too serious?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done to someone that didn't get caught?
What time of the day is it always most?
When life offers you a dream so far beyond any of your expectations, how do you keep your feet on the ground and not become drunk with success?
What does grandma mean to you? Why was she named grandma in the first place?
Where would you see the most uncertainty in your future?
If you knew you could change your allergy to gluten for life, what diet would you be willing to give up?
Assuming you had a book that kept track of the lives and achievements of everyone from this point on, what fictional character would you like to be?
What is your greatest weakness?
What would you do with $1 million?
What is a good joke that you know?
What do you like about where you live?
What would a perfect city look like, and how do we get there?
What is your favorite song right now?
If you could have any kind of superpower, what would it be, and why?
What are you most excited about?
What your most embarrassing story, something that you wish everyone knew about you but don't?
What is your spirit animal?
What would you do if you only had 24 hours?
What's the most amazing thing that happened to you in your short life thus far?
What did you think was going to be great about this city or country that you currently live in and is one of the reasons why you moved here in the first place?
Is design and UI more important than no one is talking about right now?
What is something you're suffering?
I’ll give you $1,000 dollars if you tell me something nobody knows about your life.
What was the last thing you saw or heard on news?
What did you think would be fun your whole life but isn't in reality?
What changes about ourselves do you still hope to make in your life?
What do you think is your unique selling point in whatever field you are in?
What are the first principles of cooking according to you?
What genre do you like?
What's the best way to get over a breakup?
If you knew tomorrow was your last day on earth, who, where, and what would you do with your last few hours?
If the government made you the official monarch of your country, who would you be monarch of?
Who is someone you greatly admire?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
If you had someone to watch over you without taking into account your individual rights, who in this group of people do you think is the worst choice?
What are you most excited about?
What happens when you fall asleep at night?
Have you ever prayed? Are you a religious person?
What is the grossest smell?
How do you know if a person is good or evil?
What is one reality that would never occur in an ideal world?
What did you doilihood in your 20s // / 30s?
Do you have any pets? What do they do that's fun or peculiar?
What made you laugh for the first time?
What are you but a set of principles that can be compromised?
If you wereburied up to your neck in SandOn the beach, what should people write on your tombstone to represent you?
What's your favorite movie series?
Would parenting be different now if you had to raise a child in a foreign country like Thailand or CaféTexex?
"The meaning of life?" Deep conversations about life often get asked this by young people who feel darkness is all they have.
What's one thing you hope to accomplish in your life?
Do you have any "ersonality defects"?
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
How often did you worry as a child?
What are you most proud of in your life?
Have you ever got lost in a location while trying to read a map?
What do you find yourself returning to for comfort or enjoyment over the years?
What's something anyone can do that'll make the world a better place?
What is the quirkiest thing you know of?
Have you ever had something important that you've needed or thought about doing, but haven't done it?
Do you have any idea how you might have done better in your life thus far?
Which topics are you curious about?
What's something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
Have you ever convinced an innocent to sleep with you?
What do you do after the age of 80?
What are your thoughts on your faith?
What would people think of you if you precise your residual memories when you're overloaded for a big party/event/meeting?
What do you think makes a good life?
If you were in charge, how would the world look different and why?
In your opinion, what is the most popular misconception that people have about your city?
What's something you are really good at, but most people don’t appreciate or notice?
What is one of the questions you get asked most frequently?
What/Why would you most like to spend a week in your life?
h//o = Heart attack ///// / Stroke/ Y/o = Yielded organ / / organ/ ryo = Recovered yet open or open... Read www.redacted.com if you didn't get any of the acronyms: which (6) are clear &&&o; others aren't?? Edit (3 hours after posting):
What question do you wish more people would ask you?
If you could teach a course, what would it be about?
What do you do to let off steam?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
If you could teach anyone anything, what do you think is important?
What kind of goals do you have right now that are providing you with a good level of accomplishment?
If I was a better man, do you think that you would finally like me?
What's a metaphorical time in your life that you feel the most connected to?
What's the best laptop or computer you've ever used?
What's the worst thing that has happened to you this month?
describe your ideal workplace/friendly work environment.
Where were you a year ag0 and feel relieved that it is already here, truly excited what's going to be happening this year?
What if robots won't take over the world in the future, what do you want humans to be remembered for?
What is your favorite book of all time?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
If you could travel anywhere in the world right now (or in history),,..............................................
What do you want to prove or disprove?
Who do you respect for their ability to come up with great ideas and execute them quickly? Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or someone else entirely? Why that person and why do they inspire you (or not)?
What do you like about your job/occupation?
If you could only read, watch, or listen to one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What's something that could be improved about the local community or area you live in //etc??
What is something about yourself, are you keeping a secret and don’t know if someone will approve?
What is one of your favorite adventures, What made that adventure amazing?
I would like to get a message to people who are going through something, let me know if you are interested.
When was a time when things didn't go your way and why were you so calm about it?
What’s a reason that you would like to be sacked?
When you're all alone, what is your favorite thing to do?
What about you?" Deep conversations about yourself are often caused by this question.
What do you think is the greatest marketing hook?
If defined, what lies beyond your definition?
What is something that you will in order to expand yourhorizons?
What do you do for mental stimulation?
If you could live anywhere in the world with your partner what city or country would that be?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
Have you ever felt like you were living in a different world than the people around you?
were the scariest thing people taught you to fear when you were younger, and why?
What would you do if you knew "money" was not an issue?"
What is a good joke that you know?
Take a foreign culture you know nothing about and try answering the following questions: if they invite you to learn more, it's probably a sign you should go to learn more and vice versa.
Let's play a word "agame" (game) in turns coming up with a new word when prompted. Continue the game until eight words have been said. When prompted for one word, you should always say electricity, which connects all words together. The most difficult part is to not go a jump two or three words (which is kind of how your genes work sometimes).
At what age did you become a real adult?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but I've heard it's hard to start a conversation with strangers or people you don't know.
You want to get away from your current home, moving an unknown number of people with you, possibly never seeing a city or town again.
Type ep2 and check out my profile.
What is something you want that you haven't tried yet?
Is there a particular story that comes to mind when you think of a great example of being tough on standards and kind with people?
Where do you draw your boundaries?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What is something you wish you were good at, but aren't?
What's the best way to spend a Sunday afternoon?
Where or when was the most interesting thing that you did?
What's your favorite food?
What is your biggest regret in life?
What is the best book you have ever read?
What do you do when you see the flow of time passing by?
What are you interested in reading that most other people your age would not be interested in?
What is your favorite biological process, bacteria, or body fluid?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your country?
What kind of food do you love or hate the most?
What do you think is the greatest invention in the world?
What was your lowest point in life? What do you think about when you remember that time?
What kind of family background did you have?
What did someone offer you that you didn't think you could do, but then at the last minute you exceeded their expectations?
What makes you happy?
There’s a book recommendation (Steinafer): "I have had but never read your thoughts on... Do you recommend, nope or yup?
What are you passionate about (assuming I don't already know)?
What moments in history do you think will be remembered in a 100 years?
What do your parents think is cool about you?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
What is one of your favorite things about each of the radio stations in your market?
What is one thing you would like present on there resume or interview questions?
What is something you really want to do before your life ends and what would it be?
Do you have any world famous celebrities that have been a huge inspiration to you?
What is your philosophy of life?
Why is that your favorite color?
If the meaning of life is to "fulfill your potential", what do you define as your potential?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
What is you favorite movie to see and why?
Do you prefer modern or classical books?
What do you trust above everything else?
What are you generally tired of hearing (about?)?
If you could be reincarnated into anyone's body and live their life successfully, would you?
What makes you feel since yesterday?
What do you think is the most powerful superpower humans have in this world?
What do you drink most often?
What would you do if you were the opposite sex for a month?
How do you navigate your day? i.e., what do you use to make your morning routine, where do you get bored, on which activities/hobbies would you spend all day if you knew it was just going to last one more day?
What is one small thing you can do to make the world a better place?
In your opinion what makes life truly /// / / / / truly meaningful?
What's the best thing about your job?
What music, movie or book that was released recently, do you think needs more love and attention?
What would 10 countries with perfect education policies look like in real life?
Which political philosopher do you agree with the most?
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
What are some things you value mostly?
How does kids change their minds about fear of change things to me?
What topic, if any, are you very thankful for finishing?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
Why is your family still important to you or is it just a tradition?
What is the biggest scientific discovery you have experienced in your life?
What is one example of something you regret doing or saying?
Who would you prefer to be qured by the French or the Japanese?
What is the most important passage, verse, or idea to you from the Bible?
What do you find scary or anxietyprovoking in everyday situations?
What kind of music do you like listening to?
I'm back, sorry I took a lot of time for this one, but I found it very interesting and worthwhile. What do you feel about homosexuality? If you have never experienced feelings like these, what is the honest emotion that comes closest?
If you died tomorrow, what would your greatest achievement be?
If you could have an endless supply of your favorite snack food, what would it be?
What is something you love about your job?
If you moved to another country tomorrow, what would you want to take with you? If, after moving back, no one could take anything with them (including money), what do you not want to lose?
What are the most important things to know about a person?
What would make this world a better place?
What topic would you like to talk about and explore?
What kind of person are you when you're drunk? If it's 101 a.m. and you’re at a club, what would you be like?
Have you ever made someone angry while trying to be positive?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
Name some things that you feel are cool about the generation you grown in.
What is your favorite book? Deep conversations about books are often caused by this question.
What was the most complicated fantasy world to do analogy with, and your way of doing it?
What was the best (or worst) birthday you've ever had?
What is something you would like to do that your current money situation prevents you from doing?
Have you seen any good movies lately? I've just seen one that was mind blowing!
Potato Banana Fritata.
What is the best thing you've ever bought for yourself?
What do you like to talk about?
What makes you say, "Holy cow?"?
What's the best quick snack you can find in a coffee shop?
What are you doing here?
What drives you crazy about the way other people live there lives?
If you were a cartoon character, which character would you be?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
There are people in the world with miraculous, magical, or supernatural abilities. Which ability would you like to have and what's the situation necessary for that ability to be manifested?
What's your biggest career so far?
Do you like to be the leader or the follower?
Would you like to have a big science fair project with 40+ kids each year? x.
Who do you respect for their ability to come up with great ideas and execute them quickly? Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or someone else entirely? Why that person and why do they inspire you (or not)?
What are your mostcherished values?
Is there a particular skill you wish you knew?
What's one way you'd like to break free of reality?
What is a terrible dilemma that you once had?
What is the biggest misconception you have about yourself?
How would you rate yourself as an artist from 1-10?? Show me some of your work, I'd love to critique it for you!
What is something you are really good at?
How would you describe your sense of humor in one word?
If you became a world-famous film director without ever traveling outside of your own town, what would your tour be like? Name everything that could happen during a typical day.
What, in your opinion, is the greatest weakness of all humans and societies?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
If you could have any dream job, what would it be?
What is the meaning of life?
Would you stand and shout loudly for your favorite player to come get a pop-at bat if the manager told you to?
If doves wrote the complete works of love, where would all the pretty birds go?
If you could ask God one question, what would it be?
What's one thing that should be obvious, but isn't?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
What keeps me sober through the majority of my week?
What is one of your favorite things you have ever come across?
What's your idea of the perfect weekend? An episode of favourite TV show? What's yours?
What missed experience would you like to try?
What did you like best and least about your latest family vacation?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What's something fun that people don't usually know about you?
Is society mostly the cause of all your problems and emotions, or is something else to blame (especially if you don't believe)?
If you werestranded on an island for a year, what top 5 things would you like to bring with you to survive?
What books, music, or films influenced you greatly and how can you apply these experiences in your everyday life?
What was the most recent situation that really stress you out, and how did you deal with it?
What is something you keep hidden but will share in public one day?
If you could have a conversation with any person from history, who would it be?
What is something you've done in your life that was totally irrational but yet somehow it turned out just fine?
Which political ideology do you belong to, what would you describe it?
What's your favorite mantra that someone has told you?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
What is something you normally think of as bad, but now really want to do good things for?
What's the best piece of advice you've been given?
Let's say, we live in the same neighborhood. What are three rules you would lay down if your family was home without no other people around to judge you?
Do you prefer modern or ancient sites?
What is something that you check every time you open your browser?
Where do you come from?
What are some of the challenges you face as a professional?
How would you describe your more outdoors/out there friend?
What's one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
What would your perfect world be like?
What age do you plan to live to? Imagine your life will be perfect at that age.
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What is something you are really into right now?
What is the most efficient way of combining a deck of cards into one?
Which of your family members or childhood acquaintances have been a positive influence in your life?
What is the worst thing you have ever done?
Are you aware of any conspiracy theories that are widely believed but don't hold up to scrutiny? What are some others that you think people have fallen for?
How much do you spend on clothes a year?
If you fired your boss, what position would you send them to?
What is an interesting way you have been able to store information?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
Do you really believe that you are ''The Chosen One'' in a world that you're going to save or can no longer save?
What is the most unexpected and scary animal that you have ever seen?
What are you here for?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
What would you do with $10,000 that is guaranteed to make you miserable?
Please describe a situation or a thought that made you laugh loud in the last day? How did this make your life better?
If you were going to write a book about your life, what would it be about?
What is something you love about your life?
What do you most regret doing or not doing in your life?
What's one of your favorite things in nature?
What is the most incredible thing you have ever seen?
If you could have an endless supply of any food, what would it be?
What social media are you passionate about?
What is your philosophy of life?
What was the best date you've ever been on?
What is something you're afraid of doing?
What are the coolest gadgets or electronic items that you own?
Who had the biggest effect on you?
What was the best thing you were given for your 18th birthday or any other special occassion?
What was the worst or best thing that happened to you this year?
You must possess a deep and global knowledge of culture.
What is the absolute best thing about a person?
What is a mentality of successful people?
If you could travel the world oversell one city or country you would love to visit?
What is something you've wandered away from work for?
If you had to describe the unexplained what would it be?
What do you hope to see in yourself that makes you a good traveling companion?
Have you recently experienced a setback in any area that you feel surrendered by your resilience?
Out of anyone, where are you most and least confident about being?
How can you tell if a person will leave you or the company they work for?
What is something you recently discovered about yourself?
How did your parents inspire you to be the person you are today?
What was the best time of your life?
Which section of the law R.R.3 talked about is most interesting to you? Would you use this piece of information to become aData Scientist?
If you could spend one week anywhere in the world and do anything, where would you go and what would you do?
What are you most talented at? What is it that you keep going back to do or use?
What are your favorite jokes to tell or hear?
Do you think the United States is headed down the right path or the wrong path?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
What are you known for doing?
What TV show do you find yourself watching, although it's bad for you?
Who have you shared an experience with lately that made you think things differently about them?
What is the last thing you learned?
What's the most fun you've ever had?
In what way is scatological humor funny?
What is one thing you feel your partner should know about you but haven't got to sharing with them yet?
What's your biggest regret?
What is a lost thing that you dearly miss?
What was your favorite gaming memory?
What have been your best overall memories?
What “shouldn’t” have been invented?
What's the easiet way to start a conversation with someone you don't know that well?
Have you feltmoment where you lost enthusiasm for doing something? And how did that impact you?
How did you decide what to do in life?
What do you like the least about where you live and why?
If you could design your life, what would it look like?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
What is a concept or idea that you just don't understand?
Name an ingredient that doesn't excite you.
What puts you in a good mood?
What kind of values would enhance the quality of a person?
What is a story about a youth that you wish could be lived today?
Instant room service? Trolling mini bars and liquor stores: Which do you choose?
What is something positve I can do in my life to make Amma proud of me?
Name three things you and your partner have in common.
What do you love about the city you live in?
If you werestranded on an island, what are the first five things you would want to survive?
What is something you ‘empathise’ with?
What is your favorite movie?
If you were a power ranger, which power ranger would you be?
What's a book that you read but never understood it?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
Why did you decide to become programmer at first?
What do you do to make money?
Have you ever wish your physical body couldfloat like a balloon?
If someone was to pitch you a product, what would you want it to do?
What is a controversial ideal you aren't afraid to stand up for?
If you could give people one piece of advice, what would it be?
In each other's words, what is the biggest thing that you notice about your partner?
Have you ever thought that your life was going to turn out differently, and if so what did it look like?
What do you like the least about the day-to-day activities of you job?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
What is something you have never been able to do?
What was your first phone call?
What's something fun that I wouldn't expect to do in my job?
How did you find about the kind of work you do?
What's your first impression of me?
Why did the way you were born influence who you are today?
How does someone let go of all hope?
Favorites are about the activities and places around the world, so for my question (and you may disagree with it), what's your favorite state or country?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
Is there any game that you can no longer play because you got too old for it?
Have you had a philosophy in life that has shape who you are and guided you?
How do you feel about your brain size compared with the average size?
Did your parents have a major impact on who you are today?
Can you build something out of gos with your hands to get to your destination on time?
What are some of the biggest values you learned at a young age?
What was your biggest mistake?
What do you love most about where you live?
What's one thing you would do if you really wanted to hit anowl?
Why is our natural world so secret, beautiful, and awe-inspiring? Because (I think) we fear there may not be anything truly worthy of it.
What is a good joke that you know?
Tell me about your pets.
How did you discover your passion?
What are the first principles according to Scott Adams of your life?
What is one thing you can never leave home without?
What do you worry about the most?
What is one thing you love about where you live? Why do you love it?
I am not what happened to me.... I am what I choose to become.
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
What do you do when you go home?
What two types of books have you read, one worked on the other?
What's the most creative thing you've done in your life regardless of results?
What is one of your favorite movies or TV shows? Or maybe a book or an album?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
What is a productive difference between you and your born parent?
Your name with a picture of your face at the bottom.
If you could be a professional in one other field, what would it be?
How would you describe yourself?
Would you rather always be slightly cold or slightly hungry for the rest of your life?
What do you reckon is going to be the future of tradition and custom that people will look back at in 100 years?
Who is the best and worst teacher you've ever had? What's their gift? And how do they stumble across it?
You're stuck on a desert island, how do you survive?
The first thing that you see when you open your eyes in the morning...
For you in your personal and professional life, what do you define as success?
What is another name for a collective opinion or behavior that effectively overrides individual choice or preference?
What are you most excited about?
What was the first thing you bought online?
What is something you have once forgotten but witnesses a second time?
What's working for you?
What are you great for today?
What is one thing you value most about your work place?
What is the most excited thing you've read?
Hypothetically speaking, you had unlimited resources and time, what pet would you like to have?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your city?
When you bought a frisbee, did you get a bag?
Tell me about a big regret you wish you could change. This can be anything at all and thoughtprovoking.
Are you a dog person or a cat person, or no particular pet?
What is your mostcherished value?
How do you make important life decisions?
What is your mission or principles in your life?
What recent or future event is going to significantly change how humans interact with each other?
What do you think is the ultimate source of authority?
Think back to a time where the most difficult problems arise and how you handled things carefully.
What are you sweating about?
What people do you admire the most?
What would you do for your Karam to finally be at peace?
What is something you are really into right now?
When you think of the word genius, what is it to you?
What’s the best way you learned something new after being exposed to a bad experience or unpleasant scenario?
What do you think is your best trait?
Would you ever convince someone to do something with you if it took a day out of their life?
What would you never do in a relationship?
What is your idea of a perfect first date?
How can parenting help you become a better person?
What are you doing here?
What's something two strangers that have probably never met each other before would agree on (doesn't really matter how different the two would be)?
What's the best thing that happened to you today?
Why is existence even here?
How do you know when you're ready to have children?
What makes you tired?
Have you ever had a crush on someone at least 10 years older than you? We're afraid to tell him/her that they've changed their looks or stated the same?
What's your favorite cream?
What's something that went well in your day, week, or year?
What is the most amazing thing that you have seen in the course of your life?
What is one unique thing about every person in this room?
What did you want to be when you grow?
Have you ever seen anyone and go, "I'mgonna follow them?"?
What thing(s) or person(s) are you most proud of?
A bat and a ball cost $10. Bats cost $12. But if we buy three bats, and the spare bat could also be sold. How many bats can we buy? How much money do we have?
What is an event that happened in your life during which you knew you wanted to do something extraordinary with your life?
If your job or other people’s in your life never changed, what would you not do that you do, but sometimes your excitement and creativity gets the best of you?
What would you do with the extra time you have at the end of the day?
When was the last time that you wanted to try something new but were scared to ask for fear of looking stupid?
What are you most thankful for in your life?
What would you do if you were a millionaire who did not know how to drive?
In a dark room with a strange person -->-> where do you want to start the conversation?
If you haven't lived in a small town, would you want to? Why or why not?
What's the best way to a mistake that you made at work or in school?
Is there anyone you secretly regret for never having given you a hard time about anything?
What kinds of things do you look for in a person?
What have you added to the Khan Academy?
What do you feel is something big that's going to happen in the next 10 years?
What dates in your life are memorable?
Contact Management If someone keeps sending you spam emails each week, what would your approach be with the sender?
If you could teach a course, what would it be about?
Know of any iconic figures that haven't been properly debunked?
What about these questions is making you uncomfortable?
What is one big thing you want to do with your life?
What do you think is most important in life?
What is your go to activity with no electronics involved?
What goal do you want to achieve this year?
Are there any everyday habits that you wish you could kick and do something more productive with your time?
What are you looking forward to doing in your life?
What's your first memory?
Which historical figure will have less impact on human history?
What kind of person do you envy?
What's the strangest superpower you can imagine?
What is something you don’t normally like, but for some reason you've been drawn to recently?
If you were to do a reality show and the prize is (was) $1,000,000, what would be your first two weeks of show?
What is something that makes you happy or sad?
What's wrong with your life and how would you change it?
Who are you when you are at your worst or worst form?
Who is someone you think has been very transformational in the world and our perspective on what it means to be a good person/ entity?
suppose someone tells you they know a secret way to communicate with you using your thoughts alone. How would you do that?
What is something you love on a regular basis?
What did your parents name you or call you as a child that no one else knows but you?!
Who were you before you were who you are now?
What type of relationship do you think a lot of people are in right now that they're unhappy with because they're trapped in it?
If you could have the power of transportation, where could you go, and what would you do?
Who do you feel like you know better than anyone else?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
If you could make $30 rock oust Raps instantly and get between 5-10 mil USD ($USDUSD or USD) each time, how many times would you do it?
What is the most fascinating thing you watch before casting it aside and moving on to another?
Would you rather go naked on an inhabited island or no clothes but with a knife?
What made you generous enough to share?
Are you religious at all? If so, what religion?
What's something about your town or life that you love?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
What are some of the differences that you notice between people in the U.S. versus people in China?
What nutritional benefits do you hope, stir fry, kale and apple juice will provide us?
Thinking about our48 laws of power workbook with ethics: What elements of law of power should we focus on more lightining?
Would you rather become $20 billionaire overnight, or live longer than anyone who ever lived, which would you do?
What did you want to be when you grow?
What do you do when you are home alone, what's your pattern?
What attributes do you strive to be better at?
Name all your perfect places to be.
Which fictional character do you most identify with?
What is your favorite thing to buy?
What did you have for lunch last week?
Do you think more emphasis should be put on family, friends, or colleagues? Why? Which do you treasure mostly?
Where is a place that you haveclimbed?
The United States was freezing cold ordinary snow during the winter, so what did this nation do to keep warm?
Who is someone you look up to and why?
How do you make important life decisions?
Is it better to do something you don't like, but be very good at it or thing you like, but not as good at it?
Whatcocksure liberal fact do you or others tend to get classified as?, or what facts that make others question that title?
If you could be a ghost and visit one room in your house, what would it be like to see the people living there?
Have you ever asked for directions to get somewhere specific?
What time of day do you feel most creative?
What did you want to become as a child?
What is something you've done in your life that was totally irrational but somehow it turned out just fine?
What are you passionate about?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What's the craziest thing you've done in the last six months?
What message do you hope your kids will take from you?
What currently keeps you up at night, or what's on your mind today?
What movie did you see the most times that effected you the most?
If you could go back in time and return to a certain point in your life, what year would you go back to?
If you could master one skill right now, what skill would you want to learn?
What was your last major purchase?
What is some good advice you've had but never followed?
What is a good relationship advice?
What did you think was true, but wasn't? What did you get wrong?
If you could talk to anyone in the past who would it be and what would you talk about?
What type of risk would you be willing to take if it meant you could achieve world peace and cure/prevent all diseases?
Have you ever created something that has taken your life away?
What is the most amazing moment you've experienced?
What are the things that make you feel alive?
It's important to tie up thelasses in the right way and make sure they don't get lost.
In what situation would you lose control of your emotions?
describe a recent vacation you had.
What ideas have existed in your life for a long time? How has the world changed to motivate you to think differently about them now?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
What is the most gentle way you have ever helped a person?
If you could have any power (eg Telekinesis, Mind Control), which would you choose and why? Who else would you like to have that power?
What's something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What is the best advice you have been given?
What's your biggest recent "Aha" moment?
Purpose /// // Mission/ / // Values Proactive vs Reactive / ProcessOriented vs Results /Oriented... Your values shape your mission, your mission shapes your purpose.
What is something that made you smile today? Why did it make you smile?
What do you love more?
What do your grandparents do?
What is the worst thing that happened to you, and what did you learn from it?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
What's the best thing that you've ever got for Christmas?
Why do some people seem like life is one giant hurdle for them to jump over?
What's your favorite book?
Would you rather everyone look like you or yourself like everybody?
Have you ever participated in or heard of or been a pranked? If so, what was it?
If you could be any mythical creature, what would you be?
What would you do if you only had 24 hours?
Have you ever done something that you regretted later?
What has been the most amazing thing you have experienced? Give us 2 examples.
Which show can you quote all the lines from?
What is your philosophy of life?
How likely are you to believe in an afterlife or support such a thing?
If you could design a completely different universe, what would it be?
What was your favorite childhood video game?
Have you ever been caught in the net of someone just out for a good time?
Who are the most admire people that you follow on social media or on video services?
Top five books in the world and your never-read list?
Name three things you and your partner have in common.
What have you discovered about your life and the things around you that have amazed you?
What is something sad in your daily life?
What would have happened if you didn't have kids?
What is freedom to you?
If you could have any power, what would it be?
What is the best way to improve global health and create a more broadly prosperous world?
What do you think when you see the word genious? What is it really?
Who have you learned the most from and why?
What was the best vacation you’ve ever had?
describe a time when you had to take responsibility for your own actions.
Do you believe the supernatural and mythos exist or are they all just a conspiracy theory?
Where do people regularly visit that are good for your health?
If you could see who you were to come and go, would your heart stay the same?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
If you could have a conversation with anyone from history, who would it be?
In a lifetime of experiencing all the social gadgetry and technology possible, what are some things that you think back on most fondly?
So in 100 real words, how would you describe a picture like this?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
Who is someone you admire?
If you could have an intro music to play when you walk in the room, what would it be? And why? If you don't want an intro music, then answer this won't work even if I had one but I don't.
How would you spend a million dollars?
What place in the world makes you want to go and go again?
What do you think is the most dangerous thing you have ever done?
What is a point that everyone agrees on, no matter what everyone else thinks?
If an animal made a direct hit on Earth, what part of the human body would be the first to go?
How do you make important life decisions?
Who do you know that needs a husband or wife?
What are some of your favorite things to eat?
There are many beautiful works of art in the world, and what is the most beautiful?
If you could live anywhere, where would you live?
What do you wish you knew that you already know?
What are the most important things to know about a person?
What would you say is your greatest strength?
From the life achievements of people that you admire, you have come to the conclusion that there are two rules for success: What are those rules and what do they mean to you?
If you could change one thing in the world, what would it be?
What are you afraid of?
What purchase of $100 or less has most negatively affected your life in the last six months?
What is something you feel like everyone else knows, but you don't?
If today were your last, how would you spend your last day on earth?
What do you think your first line of defense should be with a co-worker that's really annoying?
What is a skill you would like to develop?
If you could go back in time and do something differently, would you change anything?
describe a catch experience.
Most interesting fact you know?
What would you do if you only had one hour of your life to live and why?
Three things you see every day.
If you had a coin that could flip itself infinitely times, you no longer had to make coffee ever again. Ever since then, I can't get out of going to work...
What 5 words describe you the best?
Do you know people who've gone to prison for a crime they didn't commit? How has their lives changed?
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
If I were a ghost but was able to interact with people living in the physical world, what would I haunt?
What is the sense of life?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
Why are the last sentence of each chapter written using a different style to title case?
What, if anything is wrong with society? How can we think should be in charge and how do you think they'd be effective?
What’s the last thing you learned?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
In a zombie apocalypse, what would you want to be foraging for?
If you experienced a dramatic drop in income without any explanation and a large criminal record was suddenly the result, what would you do?
In one word, what do you want for this new year?
Do you have any regrets about things you did in the past?
What happens if you just walk away? With nothing left, you see no clear advantage in staying. If you die, what can it hurt? With nothing to lose and everything to gain?
What do you think is the most important quality in successful people (for example, who would you say that fame doesn't bring)? If there's one thing everyone should study, push their organization/work up a little further.
How do you notice people that display toxic regularly, mention in a question?
How is your life and work different then it was 5 years ago?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What's something you don't like about your career and what would you be willing to change about it?
What are you most notice about in people around you?
What are your top 3 favorite movies of all time?
What would you do if you didn't have to worry about money?
What do you do to treat yourself?
What was your favorite girls name growing?
What life lesson did you learn from your father?
How did you discover your passion?
If you were given a task to design the perfect city, what steps would you take to create it?
What are your thoughts on religion, God, or spirituality?
What was the biggest thing that happened to you last week?
What do you hope to see in other people that makes them a good traveling companion?
What is one interesting fact that most people don't know about you?
What was your favorite childhood game //toy?
What is something you do that you feel so ashamed at when people look at it?
What's your favorite movie?
If you could play an instrument, which one would you play, and why?
What were you most excited about becoming when you were a kid?
In only one word, what is the single best thing about humans?
Have you ever had a surprise party?
What is the worst thing that could happen to you in space with a hostile alien?
What do you consider atress worth building in your life (and why?)?
What is your favorite joke you've heard recently?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would you do with that time?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
When was there the last time you said thank you for something someone had done for you in your life?
Is there a particular movie you really like? What kind of movies do you usually like?
If you could have a movie about your life, what parts would you want it to have?
How would you rate your intelligence?
Who was the last person you felt was "on your level?"? Talking about "your level" as in intelligently.
What do you normally have gustoo for dinner?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
If you can have any pet, which one would you have, and why?
If fame and fortune depended on how much you knew about what.
If you could have one super power, what kind of superpower would you want (super strength, mind control, time travel, the ability to talk to animals, etc.).
When choosing your sexuality/gender, why did you pick that combination?
What are the most important things to know about a person?
What is the funniest joke that you know?
What's your favorite sport?
What's the most beautiful place you've been to?
What is something crazy you did when you were younger?
What is you most favorite food?
What are you really good at that? Not many people know about?
When was the last time you did something that made you feel alive? (or) When was the last time that scared the hit out of you?
What is the best piece of career advice you've ever received?
What would the next big fever dream be?
What was your favorite puzzle when you were ______ years old?
What's harder for you to do? Being an adult or being a kid?
What do you believe is the best in life? What brings you joy and happiness?
What is one thing you have never tried but would like to?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is your best characteristic?
How was your last vacation?
How do you relax after school?
What is one thing you are good at that has nothing to do with your knowledge or qualifications for doing it?
Do you believe in absolutes? (Example: If you will something, that should always be opposed to what?) If so which ones and why?
Do you believe in the soul?
What is the most difficult thing about being you in your current situation? Could you imagine yourself doing that job/life if you were born a different person?
What is one brave thing you have done?
What is the most violent video game sitting in your Steam library?
What advice does God give us in the book of prosverbs?
If you could see two or three worlds, what would they be?
If you could go back to school, what would you like to be fluent in, and what would you want to focus on?
If you could revive and talk to any historical figure when they were young, who would it be?
Do you believe there is a life after death?
What is a compliment you paid your last significant other?
If money wasn't an issue, what would you do with your life?
What is your favorite quote?
What game or movie universe would you like to live in?
Dogs and cats discuss.
What is the most difficult thing that you've experienced in your life to date?
What is a question that you've wanted to ask your parents?
If you were given a 1988 Toyota pickup truck and unlimited fuel for 1 day, why would you go?
What has been your most memorable trip with friends, family or alone?
What is your most favorite book or movie? Do you like to read or watch movies?
"Afternoons are for how long?" - - - shows how much time you dedicate to what truly matters.
Name all of the beaches that are you favorite on the tropical island (if you live in a place without beautiful beaches and still can't live without them), categorize what it is about them that makes them so attractive.
Have you ever given to any important causes?
What city do you live in right now?
If you have to make a trip in dead of the night on public transit, what drawing would represent this path?
How does water make you feel on a hot summer day? Bite-sized bills apply for this question(don't ask what "bitesize" means).
When was the last time you did something that made you feel alive? (or) When was the last time that scared the hit out of you?
Rate your priorities from 1 to 10.
What are your top 2 goals for today and why?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don’t appreciate or notice?
How would you describe yourself?
What's the best way to get over a crush?
What is something that is hard for you to give up, even though it seems pointless?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever done?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
Who was your best friend in elementary school and why?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What prompted your entrance into university?
What is something you always wanted to do but haven'tgotten the time (or drive)?
What is the most satisfying game you've played this past year?
What type of work environment do you enjoy?
What does spirit mean to you?
What’s your best/favorite date night with a partner? What kind of date do you prefer?
What would you do if you weren't worried about being replaced by a robot?
Do you prefer modern or ancient books?
If you had to eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is one of your favorite, ''Give to Movies'?
If you could get in the habit ofwaking early for three weeks, how would your life be different?
What’s your greatest talent?
What was the last compliment you got and how did it make you feel?
What is a good joke that you know?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
Tell me about your last seriouslymessed up "Lol" moment.
Is there life after death?
What's the most unbelievable fact you know about something you care about?
If you could have a conversation with anyone from history, who would it be?
What is your favorite TV show?
What was your most memorable trip with friends, family or alone?
What's something you would give your life to redo?
What do you think would be the worst thing about living in a world without borders?
What do you think is interesting about _____________?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What is the best aspect about being your gender?
What are the most important things to know about a person?
What is one of your favorite jokes?
What kind of work successes would you like to have in the future?
What is something you plan on doing in the next 2 years?
What was most awkward conversation you've ever experienced?
What are three things you hope to achieve before you die?
What's the most important thing about the time you went to bed last night?
If you were a character from a movie, which movie would it be from?
Pick one person at this table and make their life better.
Which of your values do you think should be more important... truth or experience?
What was the last incident of discrimination you've ever experienced?
What is one activity you would wish to learn the skill for?
What's the most interesting thing you know how to do?
What will be your epitaph?
What was your favorite childhood video game?
What would you say if everyone was to suddenly disappear from Earth?"
When was the last time you felt proud to be a member of your community?
How are you different to your parents?
What is your basic attitude to life?
Who is your hero and why?
What is one aspect of teenage life that changes dramatically when you turn 20?
If you could live in any time period, which would you choose, and why?
What are your hopes for the future?
How do you get people to listen to you more?
What animal's sound do you most identify?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
If a movie was made about your life, who would play the role of you and why?
Who is the oldest person you know personally and what did they do that made you think they were old when you had known them?
What is something you will never be able to do?
What advantages do you think artificail intelligence will have?
If you could get rid of one thing from this office, what would it be?
When you get a group of children and you want to teach them something, will you teach them?
If you had unlimited money and could do whatever you wanted, what would you do?
Tell me what's on your mind.
What word do you always misspell?
What single talent would you say you're punished by having?
What movie, video game, music or novel just absolutely blew your mind?
What certain group of peopleannoys you the most, by far?
How can college students cut down on their stress?
Are you living your best life? Why? What makes life great?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What do you wish others knew about you?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
What is something you do (with others) to make your city or country a better place?
What's a movie or TV series do you feel is so real that they could never be turned into a book?
What is something happened to you recently that surprised you or changed how you think about something?
How do you keep a relationship going?
Who are you (and where did you come from?)?
What is one of your leadership stories, whether you were for it or against it?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
Have you ever won any lottery?
What TV show is on your bucket list?
What's one of your favorite actresses?
What do you think is the best in life? What brings you joy and happiness?
Are there any historical figures from the past that bored you?
Is there something about the people you grown with thatirritates you? If so, what was it and why do you think they act and think the way they do?
What seems to be missing from life today?
If I was a famous player or celebrity, would you ask them out of your dreams?
What was the best book, movie, or TV show that you’ve ever seen?
If your life was a book or movie, what genre would it belong to?
What are some movies that are thoughtprovoking but not too serious that you can watch over and over again?
Do you consider yourself a vulture?
How would your best friend describe you?
What are your favorite movies of all time?
Where have you spent the most time in your life? Why does that place mean so much to you?
I crave intense connection with other people. I just want to go through life week after week seeing if I'm meeting new people who are hard to understand. Are you anything like that? If so, I think that's a sunk cost... And if you're not and you don't want to meet someone who is, then maybe this is a great opportunity for us to minimizemisunderstanding.
What's something you're looking for in a partner?
How do you flirt/ask out as a guy or girl?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would that be, and why?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
What's one thing that you felt went well in a meeting, team, or event earlier this week?
What do you want most, out of life?
What are the things you see everywhere, but yourself?
What are you grateful for?
What do you want your epitaph to read? If you could choose where you die, what would the location be?
What's your longest-standing grudge?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What is your favorite movie and why?
What is something you're really, really good at?
What is the worst thing that happened to you?
If you could change your name and have one tattoo, what would you want on your body and what would you change your name to?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What is something most people don't know about you (and it's not some juicy secret?)?
What is the best piece of advice you've been given?
What's the best way to get over a crush?
Who do you admire most and why?
How was your stressful day?
What is your favorite type and/or movie of steering wheel?
If you could live in any time period, which would you choose, and why?
Are you amazing in what you do?
Do you follow a religion and/or a philosophy?
What things will you do differently as a result of having been through whatever life hasthrown at you so far?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
What would you say is your greatest strength?"
What is the most amazing garden you have been to?
What books have you read recently? What are you reading now?? Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?
What do you do to get focus and stop doing things you know aren't conducive to getting better?
If you could only eat one food forever, what would it be?
If money wasn't an issue, what would you do with your life?
What do you like to cook or bake?
What's the worst thing that happened to you, and what did you learn from it?
What would you call modern society?
What do you think is the single best piece of advice you have been given?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
How do you lie to other people? How do you lie to yourself?
What do you know about, but you keep on forgetting?
What are your mostcherished values?
How will you feel if the world ends in 2032?
Basketball /// // soccer/ // football/?
How would you improve the current education system?
What is the most beautiful picture of someone that you have ever seen?
What makes you nervous or anxious?
How would a Trump presidency affect US international policy?
What is one of your regrets in life?
What do you knew about computer science when you were 10?
If you have to turn 100%, which movie do you want to be screen tested for the role of "You"?
What are you going to do on your birthday?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
What would your house be like?
What is something fun that you did today?
What do you do when you do not understand what someone else is suggesting?
Do you prefer apples or oranges?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your city?
If you could do any illegal thing, what would it be?
What is one thing you can pick up and play with, but can harm others when throw or hit them?
What are some things that you are really interested in?
What's the best thing about having a lover?
What do you feel is most important to improve?
What’s a surprising skill or talent you have?
What books would you recommend to read?
What TV show is on your bucket list?
Have you ever cheated in school? Why did you cheat?
If only I had one extra hour of week in my life, what would you want me to of use it doing?
Walk around your house naked.
What is an interesting word or term that you recently learned?
Do you usually put much emphasis on your laugh?
Do you surround yourself with other or its own?
What kind of person are you when you are your own true self?
What movie changed the way you see yourself or the world?
What does your average Tuesday look like?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
If doing something meant becoming more confident in yourSometimes I wish every day was like Christmas.
Do you have any films or books that changed the way you think about the universe?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth, what would you want to be known?
How would you handle an angry baby/toddler?
What are you best works in your favorite genre and which book is your possibly forgettable?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is a symbol or trademark that immediately comes to your mind when thinking about a specific brand?
What is the best invention or design you have heard shows off human creativity?
Who do you respect most and why?
What's the worst pain you've ever had and how did you deal with it? Can someone heal your pain?
Would you say that intelligence is a quality or particular characteristic you have? If it's particular to you, how did you develop it?
What are popular books or movie dwells on a deeper meaning that is almost universally overlooked?
If you aren't alive, where are you?
If you were an animal, what would you be, and why?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
Right now, what do you want most in the world?
What's one goal you would both like to accomplish?
What do you hope to harvest from a long-term relationship or connection?
Which artist or band do you follow?
Where do you find your acceptance to experience the things you do?
Do you believe in fate?
Finish the line if love is blind and fate is kind, thank God; I'm in a heaven and she's...
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
What is the most whimiscal time of the day in your life?
If you could have a conversation with anyone from history, who would it be?
You're given a ticket, select one activity you'd like to do, an option is getting on a cruise.
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
If you had to change your name, what name would you change it to, and why? – just one possible response – any would work, be creative.
If your soul was visible above your body, would you be able to see it?
How do you make yourself miserable?
What do you wish people knew about you that they don't?
What are some of the things that make you feel happy?
What do you fight with when you are angry?
Does technology facilitate or create lack of faith in humanity?
What do you think of America as a country?
What reality show would you not want to be a contestant on?
What's a secret story everyone should have heard?
Can you tell me a secret?
If you could live forever, would you? Why or why not?
What do you feel grateful for?
What do you think is walking down the street right now?
What is something that used to be important to you, but isn't anymore?
What's the best story you've heard in your life?
What's the most interesting movie you've seen?
What is your first instinct if you win the lottery?
If you could ask to visit one place in the world, where would it be? Describe your experience there?
Where is the neatest place you've ever been?
What's something that resiliently sticks with you?
What do you like most and least about tout le monde?
What types of experiences have you had that made an impression on you?
What is a very harmless habit that you cannot shake off?
How did you discover your passion?
Aditi encouraged me to reach out to someone I considered to be out of my league, but I spent like an hour being scared of being left out.
What would constitute a perfect day for you?
What's something you love about where you are in your life right now?
What's your favorite book?" Deep conversations about books are often caused by this question.
What's the best passport of all time?
What were your favorite/east favorite subjects in school?
What is a tip that you give to other people?
What is the strongest affirmation you can make about yourself?
Do you do any activities to get in better shape?
Have you ever felt like you were living in a different world than the people around you?
What is one thing you would never consider doing to bring a better life to your family?
What's the worst billboard ad that you've seen in person?
What is a good joke that you know?
What's the best thing anyone has ever said to you?
How would your parents die?
Did you have bad or good experiences growing?
What are the most important thing to you?
What would your ideal sunny day be?
When are you going to be a billionaire?
What is the biggest secret you've ever kept?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would that be?
What ideas in your life need more or less attention?
How did you discover your passion?
Is there a particular story that comes to mind when you think of a great example of being tough on standards and kind with people?
What question would you like to be asked by the President of the United States?
How do you deal with stress or problems in your life?
Best compliment posted about you recently?
The world just ended and everyone is having that calm-before-the-storm feeling.
Please share your movie recommendations.
What is one place that you could visit every weekend, but in your own town?
What movies can you strongly recommend?
For you, what's it all about?
What emotion do you experience most frequently?
What are you working on right now?
How's the weather where you are?
If you had to relate your colleagues or students to animals for the purpose of a Zoo in a Zoo, what would your colleagues and students look?
If you wanted to move your body so that there was zero chance of you falling off acliff, how would you do it?
Do you believe in fate?
Is there a particular story that comes to mind when you think of a great example of being tough on standards and kind with people?
What is something odd you like to do?
What was the worst purchase you made in the last 5 years?
What are your biggest strengths/weaknesses?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but I've heard it's hard to start a conversation with strangers or people you don't know.
What's something you're liking more and more over time?
What good things would you do if you had unlimited starters?
What are the most important skills you learned through your work, training, or work experience?
What is one of your favorite acheologies?
What things do you count as a habit?
Death and taxes There's only thing that you can't beat.
Do you have snow patrol?
What's on your bucket list?
What tips would you give to young people to get ahead in life?
Tell me about yourself.
Why is it that when a second electricity wire is added to a home, the fuse blows? Or why are all of my tablets and smartphones also suddenly on the fritz?
What was the first time you realized that you made a difference in people's lives?
What do you usually do for fun?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What's a topic that you feel like you've talked about a lot here on this tribe? What questions would you actually love to be answered?
Do you think the world is a scary place right now or could this situation turn around?
What was the last “vacation” you went on?
Which movie do you keep replaying, no matter how often you watch it?
What are your intentions with the people in your life?
What kinds of foods do you enjoy the most and why? Do you think that way about other kinds of foods?
If you could be completely fluent in another language, what would that language be?
How do you balance going after your goals while still being able to spend time with friends and family?
Tell us about your most memorable adventure.
describe the person to your left.
Are there any activities or habits that make you feel good about yourself? Tell me more!
How do you know when someone is lying to you?
How do you manage your time effectively?
What is your favorite cuisine?
If you could read only one book for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What kinds of lessons have you learned from listening to the news?
When you were in elementary school, what did you want to be when you grown?
What is a good joke that you know?
Have you ever been in love?
What was the worst situation you ever overcome and how did you overcome it?
What was the most likely thing that got you fired from your past job?
If you had unlimited strength, would you have to be careful of hurting people with it?
How would you become even more stronllybetter known as by doing something that takes a great deal of sacrifice?
What is a book that you have read, but still remember it in details?
What are your top 5 goals?
What's on your bucket list that hasn't been done yet?
If you could only ever hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What's your nonfiction book recommendation to read?
What is the worst thing that happened to you, and what did you learn from it?
What is one rule you would give to a newborn child?
What would other people say about me?
What do you value most in a friendship?
The world ends next week and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?
When you are older, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?
What is something you really like?
Who is the person that has meant the most to you throughout your life, how do you feel about them?
What’s a movie that no one in the group has seen, but everyone would enjoy, concept and principals of the movie?
What do you believe is most important in life?
What good habit would it take to make you change your life?
Do you think it's possible to taste someone's tongue?
What's your favorite digital or pencil sketch?
How was your day yesterday? Was it good enough to want the next day? Or did you work harder in order to have a better day today?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
When was the last time you did something that made you feel alive? (or) When was the last time that scared the hit out of you?
interpersonal relationship, how does this play a part in your everyday life?
If you had a team of people helping start your business, what kind of business would your company be?
What is something you have overcome in your life?
What are some good and bad things about your lifecycle?
Have you ever dreamed about male members of the other gender?
What is the most incredible voyage you ever took?
What do you like in your job/university most?
Where are you not welcome anymore, where do you choose to be still, but not wanted?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
What do you deserve credit for?
describe the meaning of your life.
What would the title of your autobiography be and what would the plot be?
Where are some unusual places you've ever been?
If you werestranded on a desert island, what are the three things you would come up with to ensure your survival even if everyone dies?
Who is your hero and why?
What is a dream job for you?
Where is a place or thing that you never expected to be or live?
If you had to choose between having really good hard and soft touch smartphones, which one do you prefer?
What do you think is the best in life?
If you could visit anywhere in the world, where would it be?
When was the last time you did something that made you feel alive?
What do you like to cook/what’s your favorite recipe?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
What TV show do you find yourself watching, although it's bad for you?
How is your family and what were the values that you learned growing?
What's one thing you wish you knew how to do?
What is the highest price you'd be willing to pay for an order of a certain type of food?
What are you thinking about?"
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
Can you give me a car example?
If you could rescue one innocent person or animal - without getting killed in the process - - who would it be?
What kinds of interesting things do you feel obliged to know about other people or activities going on around you?
What is something you've done in your life that was totally irrational but yet somehow it turned out just fine?
What is the most terrifying thing you have ever seen?
What is a common perception about the concept of "success" that you disagree with?
What's your favorite movie and why?
What is the most amazing thing you have seen?
What was your favorite family vacation?
What are you struggling at the moment?
What one thing you want for the rest of your life that you could never have the next day?
If there's one thing you could film and show the world, what would it be?
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would your "last" words be?"
If you could have a city sell you things, what would it be offered to do? What would you feel most vulnerable/posed to?
What are your inspirations in life?
What's the most amazing thing you've ever seen?
What's your best piece of advice for someone who is just starting financially?
What is something that most people don't know about you (and it's not a secret?)?
What is something crazy you've swiped from someone at work?
What trends do you think will continue or worsen with the start of artificial intelligence?
How do you make important life decisions?
What is your philosophy of life?
What character in a book would you like to be and why?
How do you learn interesting facts about unfamiliar topics?
Have you ever done something against the law that you felt wasmoral? Why did you do it?
What makes a relationship work?//what are the essential characteristics of long lasting and meaningful relationships?
Will you make it through the quarantined life of an U.S. citizen after the Covid-19 outbreak?
What did you want to be when you were a kid?
What are you thinking about?"
If you were to give a very lengthy presentation to an audience of young children and the grade level of the audience is age 4-8, what would be your presentation? What types of activities should I try?
What do you have in mind for the next 15 years of your life and why?
What's been your favorite television show and/or movie?
If you had a country, what would you name it?
Bill Gates is voting for football and football and I am voting for football.
What is a good joke that you know?
What do you think is the worst book that you have ever read?
What do you think or fantasize about?
Who in your life makes you feel the most beautiful?
What occupation would bother you the most?
Which historical figure would you like to forgive history for never making your grandmother a victim in the Holocaust?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
How do you get attention?
What is more important to you, time or maximum enjoyment?
What brands do you respect?
What is something you wish everyone would know?
Do you believe in God?
What size bed do you want?
What would be a good Twitter profile handle for you?
What was a concept or idea that you were admire in someone else?
Which analogy do you like most? Something that might surprise people?
What is a good joke that you know?
What do you do when you go for a walk and suddenly you see a man following with eyesglued to your ass.
What distinctions in your life add up to 2 cents?
If you ____________ (fill in the self verb here), how does that affect how you think of yourself?
How do you make important life decisions?
You're going to be asked to go on a date this month. What are negative feelings you want your date to bring out of you?
What would you do if, at one point, the odds were against you and you had to make "it" happen?
What was an event in your life that had great impact on the decisions you are currently making?
What is your favorite song/artist?
For my next great life achievement, I would like to be able to _____.
What's the most intelligent thing you've ever read?
What are you doing here?
What would be a name you could give to just about any city or town as we know it?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is something that you had a strong opinion about X years ago and now you are not so sure?
How do you make important life decisions?
What is/are the most painful experiences(s) you’ve been through in your life?
What would your perfect self look like?
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
Can you rope and arame teach kids to twist?
What is the first thing you would like people to know about you? Rules of Persona - Do not tell everyone that you have attended the Iron Yard.
Why was there a manual page for the Kubota viper at the back of the instructions that came with your car?
How is life treating you the most?
If my future wrote a book about me and it was continuously sold every year, how long would that book be?
What was your biggest mistake?
What was your biggest mistake?
What are you most craving in life?
Which movie makes you laugh the most? Which ones make you cry? Why?
What's a time you really wanted to stop doing what you're doing or did?
If you were a spiritual healer, what would your average client look like?
What was the first time you felt truly "Alive"?
What do you consider your greatest achievement?
Would you rather be "Gentle or Twofaced?"?
What one thing would make the world a better place?
Something rare that only you can do and someday would appreciate... e.g., painting, photography, architectural designs.
If you could be anywhere in the world right now, where would it be?
What is the most expensive thing that has ever been broken at your home?
What's your favorite album you've heard of, but have never heard?
What is the best country you have been to?
What song do you find yourself singing even if you hate it?
Whom do you respect the most?
What is your favorite game to play on the computer?
What do you find yourself spending on?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
What is a yes/no question that involves if you were to be suffering from a terminal disease and given only an hour to live and the six timehorizons in your life, where would you like to be in 20 years?
What things from history would you like to experience in the future (that you haven't been able to yet because of your current situation).
Have you ever felt like you were living in a different world than the people around you?
Who do you think is the most important disrupter in tech today? What's their impact?
There is the story about the donkey looking after a treasure chest for years.
What is the worst thing that could happen if you have a surgery?
What are your strengths and weaknesses as a leader?
What country has the most interesting culture in your opinion?
If you don't catch the Titanic, who would you want as a member of your team?
If you were allowed to open one door, which would it be?
Imagine you werestranded on a desert island.
What was the worst mistake you made before?
What is the best piece of advice you have been given?
What is something you did that sent you to prison?
What do you think is best in life?
What habit // pickup line of yours unintentionally backfires?
What would you do if you have 2 weeks left to live and could only eat pasta?
What are you confused?
What book or series do you really enjoy reading?
If there was a movie made about you and at least 20 different people played you, what script would spring to mind?
Have you everacted kind of differently than what you actually liked because you played a part?
What do people hate the most about themselves (that they like in other people?)?
What books have you read that really make you think?
Which things do you not usually tell people?
What would your ideal weekend look like?
What is the most obscure concept in the world to you, and how would you clear up your confusion?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
You're stuck on an island with no track of time. You can't find food for several days, but you finally come across an old pear tree with some apples that you can't remember ever maturing.
What's the first thing you do when you get up in the morning?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
Have you ever been on a plane for more than 24 hours and over the hump of somewhere exciting? Have you traveled on the same plane?
What skills do you think will be the most important for you after graduation?
What if something right now affected a future generation? If this was the case, what would you do today to sacrifice everything for a tomorrow?
Do you prefer modern or ancient books?
If you truly had unlimited power and knowledge, what would you do?
If your car can fly, would you have time to take a nap?
What was the best compliment you've ever got?
Whom do you trust for emergencies and what are their strengths?
Can you share with us some exciting task that you are currently engaged in which might benefit team craft?
Where would you spend all of your vacation time if you had the rest of your life to do it?
How do you decide what to do?
Tell me about a time when you failed to live up to your own expectations.
If you suddenly became a master drummer, what would you do with it?
What do others do that you find disgusting?
What is something important and unique about each member in your family?
What role do you play in the household?
How did you learn to do anything or everything you feel like you can do?
What's an interesting story about yourself?
If you could have one of every animal, what would they be?
Who are the most overlooked performers in history?
What is an interesting thing that you came across today or yesterday? Allow others to respond and learn, too.
What are you most inspired?
What's the biggest lie you told yourself?
What do you want to be when you grow?
What is your greatest fear?
What have you learned in your career?
Do you believe in more than one god?
What do you try to live each day by?
Which Star Wars film best describes your life?
What is one of your favorite books?
What are you looking forward in the new year?
David Lynch has a way of cutting to the heart of things, "What is the core emotion you have the hardest time dealing?"
What skill, talent or ability can you offer that is most rare and unexpected?
What's your go-to party trick?
If you could ask your future self one question what would it be?
What is something you're good at, but you don't fully appreciate your ability to do it?
What piece of music do you play more than any other?
Where are you from? I have friends from there, and it sounds like a fun place.
Our relationship with food has greatly improved over the years, and I think it is worth mentioning how that took place and what we did to get us to where we are.
What sort of questions inspire you?
Who is the person you most want to take to a nice restaurant during Valentine's Day?
What makes you feel happy (other than chocolate?)?
What are the best things that happened in your day yesterday?
What's something positive that happened today?
Do you have any great true stories about yourself or things you have done? Or did you fabricate them for attention?
What was your scariest dream?
Where do you recommend people come for good coffee?
Would you rather spend your life virtually slow, or very fast with little appreciation?
What is the most interesting video game console you have used to date and what would it be like to play a game on your life size version of that console?
What is one of the lowest points you've ever experienced?
In the last hour, have you act with integrity or used your eloquance to hear others?
What would your gravestone say?
What do you lie about?
What is the most critical question everyone has to answer?
What do you have in storage but have not used in the past 3 years?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
If you could be anyanimal, what would you be?
Have you been exposed to any diagnostic thing?
Before you left for here, what did you expect about the people or life here?
Do you wish people knew more or less about you?
If you could choose to never lose or never gain anything, what would you choose?
What do you think is the most popular misconception about your city?
Is there something that you can't get enough of? It could be a work/bby thing or maybe food-related...?
What are you into that most people would pick at?
If you could have three wishes that make you happy, what would those wishes be for you?
What would your 3-day advent calendar look like?
If you couldassemble the world from your heart's content, you can do anything other than that? What would you construct?
What ends up happening if we don't stop caring about how we look?
If you had a clock that would countdown to any one event of your choice, what event would you want it to countdown to?
If you could go back and change one decision in your life, what would it be?
What movie will you add on your top 10 movies list just because?
What is something you do that you wish others would do?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don’t appreciate or notice?
Who is someone you admire most in history?
What is a fact about you that most people don't know?
What is an interesting fact that you have learned this week?
What was the most significant thing you learned at work or in school this week?
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
What would one thing that you do preemptively to plan for an awkward or uncomfortable social situation?
If you'djust change something from your perfect day, what would it be?
Which one is a boring book to read (for your opinion) tell which ones you have never tried reading?
What are you most excited about? Or what has most inspired you lately?
Name 3: Anyage questions to ask your mother.
What’s the best thing that happened to you this month?
What are you passionate about? You don't always have to give a partner a number or the answer to that.
Who is someone that inspires you?
How do you make important life decisions?
What are the first principles of cooking according to you?
What is your wildest dream?
What does technology lack that we could use?
Have you ever thought that your life was going to turn out differently, and if so what did it look like?
What did you appreciate most in your mentor during internship at Company A or your previous job?
Which historical figure do you find most interesting and why?
What do you do to get into the mood for writing?
What is one thing you would like to improve about yourself?
If I had all the power and domains of God, what would I do with it?
How often do an asine, idiotic (or at least despicable) people surprise you by being incredible loyal?
What Life lessons did you learn the hard way?
What is something you do to get more energy?
What are the next five years plan for changes in our world?
What is something else you would like to discuss?
If you had one week left online, what would you do?
What's something you do that has been waste?
What was something amazing you saw on TV recently?
What is your favorite sports team?
If you could teach one subject, what would it be?
Is there something that you think I don't understand or is just obvious to?
What do you love most about your colleagues?
If you were a firefighter, what job would you want to do?
What skills or talents do you wish you had?"
What's your favorite sports team?
If you could only read, watch, or listen to one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What's your favorite thing about life? Maybe this is different then, "What makes you happy?"
What is one thing you have dreamt about in the past, but haven't found the time to do?
Have you ever experienced déjà vu?
If you could live in any world and take everything with you, why?
Who do you feel famous for being related to?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
Have you ever felt that your life develop in the way you had thought of, or mostly not?
What is your favorite book?
If you could have any title, what would yours be?
describe your favorite physical activity.
What do you suffer from?
What would you do if someone offered you $100 million to leave your spouse?
What is one endoflife thing that you want to do?
describe a five-year plan. What will people do at work? How will work change your relationship with your partner?
What is a generally popular page on Facebook that you disagree with?
What are these massivelusions we are all suffering from beacause of capitalism — i.e. like thinking that work is more important than family or vice versa, or how turning your life into an opus makes it special...
What is something you have learned about yourself in the last few years?
If you were to win a million dollar, what would you do with the money?
If you could have one dream job, what would be your job, and how do you define it?
What would be done differently to every music album you've ever heard?
If you were unable to hear your own thoughts, which thoughts would go most easily through yours, and why?
What would you name your child?
What is ____________________?
What is your favorite food?
What do you do when you feel angry or stressed? How do we arrange our lives to be less busy and more focused and productive?
Do you have any advice for joining this club?
What one thing woul d' you change about the world if you could?
What three things do you love about your lifestyle?
What would you like to see a movie about now or in the future?
What is it that you value most in your relationship?
Name some things that you hate about the country you currently live in.
What were you expecting of life and what happened?
What did you learn from your last mistake?
What would be the world like if there are no guns?
What is something you hope to learn at the end of your life?
Have you ever wanted to share an artistic or design piece with me but were too embarrassed to let me view it? Feel free to show it to me now!
Did you ever have a significant change in your life nevertriggered by an event?
There’s always a first for everything. What, or who, was your first?
What would you do if no one expected anything out of you?
What is a future that you imagine from the perspective of someone from 100 years ago?
What is one think you want to be good at?
When did you know that you wanted to be a medic?
What is one thing that a lot of people do, but you don't?
If a movie was made about your life, who would play the role of you, and why?
What do you care about the most?
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
What makes you good at being creative (having something creative?)?
Who has had the greatest influence on you?
If you could stop time for a few minutes, what would you do?
Zombies, vampires, or werewolves... If any of those monsters attacked you, what would you do?
What was the last social faux pas that you couldn't take your eyes off?
Have you ever taken a steaming hot shower?
What moment would you like to live and why?
What was your biggest success or achievement in the last 10 years?
What are your views on masturbation?
What was your favorite childhood memory?
What is a good plan for you?
What are the most important things to know about a person?
How does your family decide about who is responsible for what? They never ask me for input?
When did you last cry tears of joy?
Name some things that you feel are cool about the generation you've grown in?
You have 5 emergency lighters, what is the next thing you are going to smoke?
What do you do to get out of bed in the morning?
What is one of the most satisfying things you've ever experienced or had?
How do you know if a person is good or evil?
What is your favorite song or artist?
What activities do you enjoy now and what were you most likely doing for enjoyment when you were still a child?
What is a relationship dealbreaker for you?
What is the coldest you've ever been?
Who are a few of your favorite writers, and which novels inspire you?
What is a book you read for the first time in a long time, but that really affected your way of thinking?
What's something everybody should know about your trade/ profession/interests?
If you are forced to destroy something beautiful, which would it be?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
What were you really into at 18 years old?
If you could fly, where would you go?
What is something you're weird about?
Do you have any skills that others would be surprised to find out?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever done? Or tried to do?
What is something most people don't know about you (and it's not some juicy secret?)?
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
What's something you did last weekend that you felt proud of yourself for?
What is something you always try to improve?
What do you most regret doing or not doing in your life?
Would you ever consider doing something unexpected for someone?
If you could have any unrealistic super powers, what would they be?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don’t appreciate or notice?
What's something you think will make the world a better place, but haven't got around to doing?
What is something you love about your hometown?
What's your best example of being selfless?
What just paid the bills but felt exciting years ago?
What is something important to you?
How do you handle someone who is technically incorrect, but thephrasing makes it difficult to express yourself?
What would the name of your autobiography be?
What would be your last meal if you were to die tomorrow?
What's something fancy?
How often do you daydream?
What was the worst or best thing that happened to you this year?
What is the greatest lesson you've learned?
What is the most beautiful city you have ever been to?
What would your idea of the perfect world be like?((This isn't a rude question?)?
What is a favorite childhood memory of yours - something you can still vividly imagine?
What's your favorite science fiction TV show and what parts do you like?
How do you decide when to be serious and when to be silly?
Is it better to be an amazing liar or a terrible honest person?
If you could take @user with you to any place, what would it be?
Who is your favorite movie character?
What is one of your favorite hobbies?
How do you live what you believe?
What is something you're crazy about?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What is one of the most bomb ass things done to me?
What is the last movie that you saw, and what did you think?
What are your goals in life?
What is a good "Things We Should Do" article for https://www.linkedin.com//feed///updates///10944225424850947266.
How was and is your relationship with your parent/parents?
What do you consider to be your desired capabilities and traits means a lot more to you than actual skills and abilities? Also, what traits are the least important? What qualities come in short supply?
If you could only read, watch, or listen to one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
What are you doing to make the world a better place?
If your life was a series of books, what would the first book be called?
Do you have any secret talents?
Is there anything you are really terrible, hopeless of good at?
Have you ever felt you did not have a purpose in life?
What does friendship mean to you?
Name five styles of anything.
What is something you can do better than most people?
What is one of your favorite jokes?
Which breaking bad character will kiss me first?
What would you consider to be your worst personality flaw?
What's the wackiest food you've ever eaten?
Have you ever had alucid dream?
What is something you don't want to live without, even if it kills your pride?
What life lessons do you feel like I could benefit from hearing?
Has a recent direct experience with racism changed your beliefs and actions in any way.
You are trapped inside a building for six hours. If you're trapped outside, where do you go and why?
What question would you most like to know the answer to, if you could ask Elon Musk??????????????????????????????????????????????
What would you do if you knew that in one year you would die?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
What do you do to get your creative juices flowing in the off hours, for inspiration?
What’s the best new thing that has happened in your life in the last two years?
What makes you so grateful about life?
What is the greatest ideal of evil?
What things are your friends lowkey tired of hearing about?
What are some things you regret in your life?
When do you know that you've broken free from a crazy situation?
What mysterious creature would be the most annoying to know?
Would you rather have overnight wealth or wizards for facial reconstructive surgery?
Have you started an interest or hobby other than programming since you've gone to bootcamp or haven't been in the industry?
If you could study another country just for a semester, which country would you choose?
What good habit have you started that **needs more time and effort to stick to**?
What's an adventure that you've had lately or thought about doing?
What is the best advice someone has given you recently?
What movie can you not get enough of?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What was the most disgusting scandal of all time?
What's on your bucket list?
What is the first thing you do when you get engaged?
What is the most confusing thing that you've ever encountered?
Have you traveled to any cool places?
What is your favorite movie genre?
Do you expect god exists?
Is your judgment clouded by feelings?
What's the best advice that you've given to others?
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
What are you hoping to get out of tonight?
What's ultimately more important to you?
What's your favorite kind of pet?
Where is the most beautiful beach you've been on?
If you couldn’t leave your home ever (but could still use email, a smartphone and the internet) who would you want to live in the same apartment or basement apartment with?
What made you feel proud of your self lately?
Do you know any math jokes?
If you were able to talk to someone who came from your generation about what it is like for them now, what would you like them to learn? What would you want them to know?
What's something you would do with if you were independently wealthy for a day?
If you were immortal, what would you want most of all that to not happen for as long as you live?
If you could have any kind of superpower, what would that be?
What showed up in your life from no where?
What is a symbiotic relationship you share with another person and why?
If you had to spend the whole day suffer with one mood/feel, which one would it be?
If you had unlimited money, what would you spend it on?
Name the last time you did something out of your comfort zone.
What do you love about your job?
What questions do you have about the world around you?
What is something you wish was taught to children?
What's the first purchase you made in the past five years?
What do you think is funny?
What's the best thing that happened to you today?
What are the five most important things in your life?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is something important you wish everyone knew?
Two of your best friends start fighting, and one of them who is extremely weak accidentally dies in the fight. Both of your friends are villains from different cartoons and stories, but everyone saw it happen. One is your biggest villain and the other one aprotective villain who had to save his fictional, stronger friend.
What if you could be born again in your life as another?
If you could be a superhero, who would your superhero be, and why?
Where in the world you would spend your desire holiday?
What makes you happy?
When did you have a moment of clarity at calligraphy?
What's your favorite financial investment?
What is something you've done in your life that was totally irrational but yet somehow it turned out just fine?
What is your favorite family holiday?
What concept taught in school seems completely natural to you. What, if anything, is completely foreign to you?
What is your all-time favorite movie?
What is the dumbest thing somebody could have done over the weekend?
What's the best way to ask someone out?
What do you think about artificial intelligence?
What is interesting about the area you grow?
What is something you feel strongly about? This can be political, cultural, social, or religious.
If your life was a game, what would you want to be 21 in?
What is something wrong with people's perception of you that is also somehow right?
What are you doing here?
What do you do and the people who fall in love with you do to find a time to see each other?
What is someone you look up to? Why such a person and what did they inspire you to do?
Imagine you have to make one sandwich, and people will be judging you the entire time.
Who has had the greatest impact on your life, and how?
Your mailbox is empty and you run to the trash. What was the last thing in it?
If you could have a conversation with anyone from history, who would it be?
How would you describe your next sleepy night?
What is the worst thing they ever do?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
How much time do you waste on social media?
What is the most rewarding part and the most painful part of being a parent?
How do you decide what to eat on a first date?
If something terrible was going to happen and someone offered you the chance to escape it by almost any means, including murder, would you do it?
What do you think the next new big thing will be? e.g., dippens, hdmi cables, etc.
What science fiction story did you grow on that was your favorite?
What have you read recently that you really connected with?
Name a few people that inspire you to do better.
What drew you to the nonprofit industry?
What gives you pure, adulterated joy?
What is one of your greatest accomplishments?
What is something people don't think about when looking at you, but you have in common with a lot of other people?
What are you fantasizing about right now?
What are you proud of, what makes you most happy?
People say I look like ____________.
If you could design an app for life, what would it be?
If you had a Twitter (or similar) account, but every time you posted something, it was a 140-character stream of consciousness of your day-to-day activities -- including the habit of putting on a suit of armor at exactly 5:30am every morning -- what would be your first tweet? The tweet that would change the internet forever?
If you saw someone mugging, would you try to stop the mugger?
Where is the worst place you've been injured and how did you get injured?
What philosophy is important to you?
Is there a movie you just can't stand and never want to see again?
How many kids do you want to have in the future?
What is the most annoying thing?
If you don't define yourwn world, the world will define yourwn life.
What is the best thing someone can do for you?
If you could magically become good at any one skill, what would it be?
Which productive/silly vice do you wish you could give up?
What happened you today that you have been looking stoically forward?
What movies have you seen?
If only there were two options, how would you organize your life?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don’t appreciate or notice?
What's one thing about you, most people don't get about you?
Who is the most interesting person you know who isn't famous?
How would you star in the first futura movie ever produced?
What is a question that you’re really burning to ask... Really from the bottom of your heart?
Have you ever killed an animal?
If you had to give your child & child only one word of advice, what would it be?
Are Schwarzchild Radii, but also every other form of extreme radiation (xrays, electricity)?
What is something that upsets you about the world today?
What was the worst thing you've ever done?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
If you could tank a relationship or end one, which relationship would you tank?
What bothers you the most in life?
If you could choose one, what skill would you acquire that would improve drastically your quality of life?
If you could give a 10-year-old version of yourself one piece of advice, what would it be?
What is one of your favorite things about your day-to-day existence?
What would the title of your autobiography be?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What's something about you that is odd or funny?
What are you most excited about right now?
What's something ridiculous you believe is true?
What would you do if you only had one more day to live?
If you had to teach someone something that everyone needed to know, what would it be?
Have you ever done something illegal just to get money?
If you could change one thing in your current hometown, what would it be?
What is your favorite cream flavor?
Do you have bad habits or defects which over the years have been covered up?
How does technology help agriculture?
Have you ever felt like you were living in a different world than the people around you?
What made you decide to take a vacation?
What question would you like to be asked today?
What's something you noted which you think might be important in the future?
What is a good joke that you know?
What are you passionate about?
How do you think humans can take advtain ofbeing powerful?
Can you talk about your favorite example of underprice?
What are the first three things that you would do if you had six million dollars?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
What is the strongest opinion you don't hold about this group?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
Which cute ///sexy celebrity who starred in a sci-fi movie has visited the most places in the world and turned out ok?
If you could have anyone living in your same house with you again, who would it be?
What tools or instruments do you use to let off steam?
What are you most proud of?
What were you really into when you were a kid (and what are you really into now?)?
Having read Review Your Passions (Essential Nutritional Goods for Health and Wellness) : What would you most like to focus on developing in this moment? [] This question is inspired by Networker 462's site with simple practices to feed your soul.]
How would you define a happy life?
What is a good joke that you know?
What would your life be like if you didn't have a brain?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
If you were given one week to live, what would you spend it learning about?
What types of jobs do you find to be very interesting or fulfilling (e.g., variety and stimulation).
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What's something that some people find interesting thatannoys you?
Let's be rational and ask each other questions...right ask me anything?
How did you make it today?
If you could rearrange the alphabet in your head or a perfect world, would you use "A" to mean "Aardvark" and "A" to mean "Coll"?
How was a moment where you were so angry that you would have killed someone different if there was no one around?
What is a good joke that you know?
What do you love about living in the city of Los Angeles?
Who was your first best friend, who is your closest friend today?
Why do you think a lot of these mental health stories and outings are helpful?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What do you live to be the good life?
What do you most regret doing or not doing in your life?
If you knew a stranger was about to shout in your face, who whould it rattle you the most?
What is the last movie you saw?
Why did you decide to do what you're doing?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever done?
If you had a clock that would countdown to one event, what event would you set the clock to start with?
What do you think is the single best piece of advice someone has ever given you?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
What do you wish people would actually understand about you?
What gift have you given or would like to give?
What are the one to three things you would like to change about the world and why?
Have you ever won or worn a raffle for something? If so, what did you win?
What’s the best thing any of your friends have ever said about you?
Are there any movies thattriggered an emotion that you feel you never put out to the outer world?
What is something people rarely get the chance to do in the weekday?
What is something that most people don't know about your industry/ profession?
Where do you look for inspiration?
If you could cover your body in any one thing for the rest of your life, what would that be?
What do you consider to be your best achievement?
What would you be if you aren't you?
Did you ever play reverse blacklist with initials?
If you could cure a difficult but deadly disease, what would the symptoms be?
After winning the lottery you could pay for the most expensive available surgery.
What,besides money, do you really want most? What do you spend all of your energy on?
Ever heard of Warren Buffett 5//25 strategy?
What was the first song you ever danced to?
What is something still on your bucket list to do or try ( (big or small)?
What kind of cheese pick-up line can you think of out of nowhere?
Tell me about your biggest insecuritys and what work you've done to repair or build yourself up.
What's a success story that you know personally?
What's something you are working on in your spare time?
What would be a perfect weekend for you?
If I gave you $1 million dollars today, what is the first thing you'd do with it?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
What would you do if someone asked you to spend money that you don't have and trust them to pay you back later?
What are the best movies you have seen recently?
What kind of person are you when you accidentally reveal your true self?
What are the world's top five hard skills?
What story do you wish I'd told you when you were a kid?
What is the greatest thing that has happened to you in the last week?
What would you do/start if you wanted to be rich?
If there was a computer program that could learn things about your life and match you up with people according to how compatible you are, would you run it?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
What's your favorite book?
How often do you wish you could recall a conversation from a few minutes ago?
If you could break one convention that exists for means of acquiring your wealth, what would it be, and why?
What is something you've had to unfold in order to succeed?
describe a time when you told someone something they didn't want to hear, and how did it go?
Is there anything that makes you regret a choice that you made in your life?
What is something that many people don't know about you (or your traditions, beliefs, etc.)?
What is the weirdest conversation that you've ever witnessed or been a part of?
What happened when you learned your most memorable lesson in life?
What is something that you do being completely unconscious?
What do you want people to know to describe you?
What is something you've done in your life that was completely irrational?
Who would you or have youdated orslept with that has a small penis?
What is something that you were bad at as a kid, but now you are very good at?
If you could have a superpower right now, what would it be?
What kinds of things do you look for in a person?
What is the strangest conversation you've ever overheard?
Imagine your entire life was nothing but acting. Name four great actors in random genres and give reasons why you believe they'd be good in the role of a lifetime.
With which person have you had the deepest conversation?
If you could change one thing in the world, what would it be?
How do you make important life decisions?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
What are you looking forward to the most at a person or thing?
What do you wish would disappear from existence?
What do you think will happened if everything you ever knew, all of a sudden vanished?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
Who are you when you are with a group of people?
Does anyone dislike you for any reason?
What is the most creative thing you have ever bought yourself (not being given it by anyone or anything)? William Shockley views this question as what his investors gave him and then asked for in exchange instead.
What's something you're intrested in, but haven't been able to get started on?
How do you feel about bots making friends with humans, which is one of their functions?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don't appreciate or notice?
What is your favorite irrational fear?
Are there any books you recommend?
What is something you have dreamed of doing your whole life but have never done?
What is your most prized possession?
What insects do you find particularly gross?
That if you could invite anyone living or deceased to dinner...who would you invite?
What is the average value of tickets you sell at work?
What is your idea of success?
What did you do for your last birthday?
What happens when you die?
What are you best at explaining? What are you worst at explaining?
If you found a million dollars, what would you do with it?
What is the most amazing piece of technology you have seen?
What lifealtering decision would you make if you could get an answer "yes" by just willing it to be?"
If you could receive any magical power, which would it be?
What is the biggest cultural difference between your home country and the United States?
What are you most craving in your life right now?
What is one of your least favorite childhood memory/trait//personality? Can't call it out now if it was really something that affected a lot back then (doesn't have to be too dark?)? I want to talk specifically about these things being questions rather than complaints. If they're complaints, I don't know how helpful they would be.
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
If you could go back in time and be a part of any time period in history, what would that be, and what would you do to get yourself noticed, so that everyone remembered you?
If you could be absolutely certain of something, what would it be?
What are you working on right now? Ask someone else what they are working on, how long they have been working on it, and why they decided to work on it. Then get into a detailed discussion of the pros and cons.
What is something you have never done or in which you are embarrassed?
What do you think it would be if you end up living forever?
"Much that we callcivilization is face recent in history and even in life." [...] What wasalways isnot much more than what has been virtually."
How do you end a fight?
Is there a particular movie you are amazed of the layers of meanings and theories it brought to you? If so, share?
What's one belief or philosophy you follow, but you do not necessarily recommend for others.
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country you currently live in?
What fictional character did you dislike, but have grown to love?
What's one piece of furniture or type of setting you would love to become?
What symbol do you keep close by and why?
How do you start your day?
Where did you go on your last vacation?
There is this one person who can make you laugh when it’s negative to do so?Thank god for that person.
Have you ever felt like you were living in a different world than the people around you?
What is something you've been really bad at, but know you want to do better?
I personally hate eating vegetables and I would seriously rather not be able to eat anything else. I'm never hungry. Fwiw, taking out steak for salads, has never helped... Where do you find the strength in yourself to keep doing things like healthy eating when you really don't want to?
What is your favorite movie that you have seen most recently and why?
What is the first thing that you would do if you could come back to your present age, traveling back in time?
1) Dead baby: joke: Knock: Knock 2) Yana: Who is there? 3) Dead baby: Nurse 4) Neaked in the hospital bed.
In what ways are you weird?
What is the kindest fun thing you've ever done for someone?
What is the 5 most important things you learned in school and how do they influence your life?
Which historical figure would have the most fun?
"Your least favorite number?"
Which historical figure do you find most interesting and why?
What do you miss the most that has been taken from you?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
If you had to move to another country tomorrow, where in the world would you go?
Which ideology do you resonate with the most? -- Communism, Capitalism, Libertarianism?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would you be curious about?
Where is the best place you ever been to in the world and why?
What do you think is good about the world today?
_______ is the most exciting thing you can wrap your mind around.
What are you most passionate about? Everyone has something they are passionate about, what is yours?
Of all the people you know, who do you think is the most interesting or random?
Do you ever rig something to do with an opponent's weaknesses?
What is your favorite movie that you know of?
What's the best thing about being your friend?
Share the name of your favorite book.
What difficult lesson did you learn the hard way?
What is one of your hidden talents or skills?
What would be your next 10,000 hours if you had to quit your job now, but could do anything, work wherever you want, with luxury to all the five senses of pleasure you could desire?
If you could live forever, what would you do, and how old would you want to be when this happens?
What are you most proud of in your life and why?
If you had to pick one, which fantasy/science fiction myth/eld (you prefer)) would you like to live out?
Are there any activities or habits that make you feel good about yourself? Tell me more!
What is something you've done in your life that was totally irrational but yet somehow it turned out just fine?
What was your first job?
What ways in your life have had extremely positive impact?
How would you describe what it feels like to be happy or sad (in general)?
Do you think money can buy happiness?
What are the three keys to happiness?
What is your absolutely crazy obsession? It doesn’t have to be good or well known or something you already love.
What is the worst thing that happened to you?
Is there anything you can't stand doing?
In your opinion, what is the most important human motivation?
What kind of personality are you?
What is something that people think is a priority, but you don't?
What is your favorite movie? Don't gasp... It happens.
What is something you're looking forward to or are excited about doing?
Name three things you assume people take for granted.
What would your imaginary press kit say?
What do you want to do with your life soon?
What is the most genius thing you did or had done to you?
If you could summon one fictional character to have dinner with you, who would it be?
Pick one of your favorite artists and tell me about them in detail.
If you could change one thing about the world right now, what would it be?
What is something that makes you tired or irritating sometimes?
What's a picture of a time when consumed [insert odd food]] was beneficial?
What were you most excited about becoming when you were a kid?
What are some of the causes of human behaviour and why do they exist?
What do you think supported your childhood?
What's one idea that may be unconventional, but you'd try it for a million dollars?
What's something everyone should know about your trade/ profession/interests?
What is the best way to save for a house?
What is one thing you would like your future self to tell you about if you had the ability to go back in time?
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
What is the worst workplaces to work for?
What is a skill you have learned that has had the most impact on your life?
What was a person like in history you wish you knew more about today?
What is something you don’t like about having similar interests to someone else?
If you went on a cruise, what would be the best?
Do you regularly communicate at least one word of each target language everyday?
Want to have a cup of coffee together, do you know where we can go?
Tell me about your favorite party.
What do you know? ''Off the top of your head''' that most people don't know?
What are you doing to make the world a better place?
If you could only eat one snack for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
What is the best advice you've ever got?
If you could be king//queen of anywhere in the world, where would it be?
Do you have any great stories about luck? What does luck mean to you?
What is your biggest regret in life and how do you wish to change it?
Have you ever wish you could speak one other language?
What's the most difficult thing to teach a child?
Show me your doors ______.
If you could go back in time, would you choose one era and live in it? If so, which one?
That said, what exactly do you value most in a traveler?
If you could go on one famous person's date, who would that be, and why?
What's an unforgettable story about you?
What was your first thought upon awakening today?
Tell me about someone who had an enormous impact on your life.
What kind of jobs would make you happy?
What is your favorite sports activity to do on your own?
What fruits are you willing to eat raw?
When do you know that you've broken free from a crazy situation?
If you could travel to anywhere in the world, where would that be?
What Life lesson did you learn from your mistake?
What do you think is better than living forever?
If you were asked to build a brand for Taylor Swift, who would you prefer working with her?
What's the most creative use of Emojis in a text that you've seen?
What's your favorite part of traveling?
What are you going to do?
What are three things you have lost but still can feel close to?
When I say anything negative about motherf*cking (X()), you don't expect me to mean Y()?
What goals were achieved in 2017?
What is something everyone should experience at least once in their lifetime?
What do you think is the most important thing that people should learn at school?
If friends with benefits a lick, what would you say?
What is something you are really into right now?
What was in your mailbox/mailbox?
Looking back, what do you admire most about your childhood self?
What advice would you give to the younger version of yourself?
What was the place that you want to go the most?
What are you most scared of?
What's one bad habit that’s come back to haunt you at night?
What is the first thing you do when you get home?
What is the best movie you've seen in a while?
What is something that most people don't know about you?
What songs would be on your soundtrack for life?
What would you say is your greatest strength?
What is one of your favorite things to talk about with a date?
What is the biggest pet peeve that you have?
What is the most random thing you do when alone?
If the environment you live in could physically disappear, that would be a pretty crazy day for you.
What one thing about yourself would you like for me to tell you about?
Is there something that you are not sure about?
What do you think knowledge is?
What are you concerned with in life?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
What film director trend do you enjoy the most?
What do you find most beautiful?
What's the craziest conversation you've overheard?
Two people in a locked room: You both take a paper from a stack fifteen feet away. You cannot see the other person, and you are not allowed to ask questions of them. One person will be given the paper with "A" on it; another will be given the paper with "B"". No matter what your partners reacts, you keep reading and give them your answer until you know for certain.
Is there a particular story that comes to mind when you think of a great example of being tough on standards and kind with people?
What do you like the least about your work or school?
Do you want to share something before the game starts?
What was one of the best milestones in your life?
What is the greatest purchase someone could make that wouldradically transform their life?
What movie to watch for the next five days?
What do you wish you could have memorized?
What do you like most about yourself?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What word or phrase that another person uses do you immediately associate with a negative experience?
What is the most incredible thing you have ever seen?
What is the most intelligent thing you've ever read or seen?
Where is your favorite place to snowboard?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
What are the most important things in life (doesn't have to be serious?)?
Who do you respect // admire?
What's your dream ultra experience?
What are you most looking for in a personal relationship?
Is there a glitch in your copy of Minecraft?
What classifies you at your core without your rational mind?
What do you think is the best way for us all to improve our lives?
What was the last item you bought?
What do you feel is unique about the culture of the city you currently belong to?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
What time of day have you felt the most productive?
If you could change one thing in your life right now, what would it be?
If you can see into the future, what is your best advice?
If you could know any fact about the universe, what would you want to know?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
What is one of your favorite activities when weather conditions are okay?
How do you balance your book and movie making duties?
Do you always tell the truth?
What have you learned during the weekend that has really changed your mind or perception about?
What things do you own that are biggest or notable sources of adventures?
What's your favourite subject or thesis in school?
What is something you wish someone had told you as a child?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
What is your favorite specialty food?
If you created a new religion, what would it be based on?
What's the craziest thing one person did on another's property?
If you could be any kind ofanimal, what would you be?
Which free app that doesn't cost a cent have you used most recently?
What are you most looking forward to learning?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
How do you make important life decisions?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
What would you do if you had $15 million dollars for the next five years to invest and had a million dollars at hand?
What is the most amazing moment you remember?
What is a good joke that you know?
What is something you love spending?
How would your neighbors describe you?
Which celebrity would play you in a movie about your life?
Have you ever heard of the same joke twice?
What are the first principles of cooking according to you?
If you were a news reporter, what would be the most recent event you would want to cover? What do you most pride ourselves in as Americans?
If you had to get in a fight with me, and you won, what would be the first thing you'd do to me?
What's one thing almost everyone in your world doesn't know about you?
Name the most expensive thing you have ever bought if your account could be opened now.
What are you passionate about and why?
What would the best city be to live in?
Do you think that artificial intelligence is something evil and human nature would be better off without it?
What is one of the most foolish things you have done?
What's an interesting fact that most people don't know about you?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
What did you come up with as the future in emerging technology?
How do you make important life decisions?
Is something you've always wanted to try? Why haven't you done it yet?
What are you curious about?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
When years pass by and nothing magical happens, do you ever reach a state of zen?
What’s something small that you notice on a daily basis?
What is your pet peeve that people do?
When your dreams start to change, how will you know it?
How did you discover your passion?
Which historical figure would you most like to spend a day with?
When was the last time you saw or talked with a TCF family member or close friend, and why?
When you really want to (don't care) who cares, wtf, do I care...but if I have to pick one wish what would you wish?'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' ('What is everyday on your life agenda?'').
What is one of the most important things that you own and why?
If you could have free will what would you do that you can't now?
If you could invent things all over again, what would you do differently?
What would you do if you transitioned to female physically?
Quentin Tarantino, or Stanley Kubrick or David Lynch? Why those three larger than life filmmaker/artists?
If you had one week to live, and you could either be anywhere on earth or with anyone else on earth, and then meet them, who would it be?
Have you ever played the lottery? If not, what do you think it feels like to win $500 million or $2 billion roubles worth of lottery?
What's your best recent story (or gossip?)? For example, a funny fall or embarrassing encounter that is not boring?
Have you visited any new places in your area recently?
Spread change all around your desk, can someone say a number that they get, and you give them the same amount?
What's an article of clothing you hate wearing? Describe it.
When you were in grade school, what did you want to do when you grown?
Is there a movie you wish had been made more realistic?
What is something you do every week, but other people don't know about?
What secrets do you have -- that you really, really, don't want anybody to know?
What's your most extravagant purchase?
What were your favorite childhood games and why?
What do people think they say about you that isn't true? What do you wish they knew?
Have you ever wanted to?
What is something you haven't done at all, and yet it's been in your life plan?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone else?
What is the most surprising conversation you think you've ever had?
Have you ever had a contretful moment with a person because of your religion?
What's the first song that you got into?" The starting point of such a question is generally a good indicator of what kind of person your chat partner is. The "Segue-Inator" better be on point at all times, or you'll miss out on the opportunity to discover something about your new friend.
Who or what inspire you?
Is working this hard what you were meant to do?
What are you doing to make the world a better place?
What are the first principles of cooking according to you?
What is something no one operates on or creates, but we all can? What is the ultimate creation?
What did you do today?
What do you do to stay healthy?
What is something that most people don’t admire in you?
What's the strangest thing you've seen someone else do?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
When have you noticed, at first notice, that things have swung one way? If so what was it and when?
What's your favorite animal?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
If you had a watch, what time would you choose to see the world ending?
Have you ever read anything by Ayn Rand or Albert Camus? if so, what did you think?
What are your mood swings like?
What was funny to you about the social childhood trauma you experienced once -for example, focusing on someone else's mishap, seeing a baby crawl out of a blanket, flailing, and then peeing everywhere?
Who is someone you don’t like but need to work with?
What did you think of the human or aliens in the movies from close encounters of the third kind and raiders of the lost ark?
If you could be reincarnated into anyone's body, who would you want to become?
Who is a hero in your life?
What is something everyone should know about your trade/ profession/interests?
Have you ever made a big sacrifice for someone else?
What do you well,besides your job?
What are you most known for?
What's the best advice you've ever been given?
What was your most memorable birthday?
Who did you have your first kiss with?
What was the most-defining moment of your life?
What is something you've never experienced in life, every day for the next five years?
What have you learned that really disturbed you?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
If you could learn one new technology, what would it be?
What is something you often come across as surprises?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
If you could offer one piece of advice to your peers on how to get better, what would it be?
How old were you when you went on your first adventure?
What would you do if there was no need to eat?
What was the most racism you experienced?? Or what is the R-rated movie you have watched and really enjoyed?
What's the best way to get over a crushed/broken heart?
Was there anything unusual you were taught as a child?
Historically, who is the greatest student of all time?
If your house burned down tonight, what would you save and why?
If you could have a conversation with anyone from history, who would it be?
Do you like green eggs and ham?
What are the biggest lessons that life has taught you?
What was the last song that you purchased?
If you could ask your future self anything and only have to write one sentence, what would it be?
What is something that many people have when they talk I do not?
How much of your life is ruled by a sense of justice/who you want to keep in your life?
What is the most amazing fact that you’ve ever heard?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be, and why?
How are you different from the millions of other people in your same exact position and how does that make you feel or affect how //who/ you see yourself?
What is this icebreaker really about/aimed at?
If you could have a conversation with anyone from history, who would it be?
What is the most powerful beach read?
What would you do with $1 million?
To what extent are you 'right' or 'left'?
What just made a difference in the way you think about life?
When did something just happen'' to you? Or what story or trauma can you remember from when you were young? A time your emotionsflooded or came close to overloading?
What's something you would like to dive into that you don't know much about?
describe an ideal relationship for you.
What's the best piece of evidence that Einstein is alive somewhere?
What do you see as the biggest problem with modern society?
I wonder why do we say that only a single person is "creative"? Why not many or thousands of people?
What do you consider your most favorable personality trait?
Have you ever admitted to something even if you knew you shouldn't have?
What is the most beautiful landscape you have ever been to?
If Congress allowed us to put a bounty on those who are succeeding in school well enough, so we didn't need government programs, then what would *you* personally like to see a bounty placed on?
What is a controversial belief that you have or that people would find strange but true?
Do you have any intentions of seeing the new Star Wars movie?
When was the last time you did something that felt like magic? What happened? How can you recreate this feeling?
What is something you are really into right now?
What are your mostcherished values?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
If a movie was made about your life, who would play you and why?
What would you do differently if you knew nobody would judge you?
When was the last time you did something that made you feel alive? (or) When was the last time that scared the hit out of you?
What do you look for in the profile picture of any potentialmate on Tinder?
What character do you feel is the most relatable - - and possibly the most absxlutely painful - - in literature?
What is your most treasured memory?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
What did you regret most about your recent life? What about it, makes it so sad to look back on?
What inspired you to choose the path that you have decided on now?
What is something that if you changed, your life would be so much better?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years and 10 years (carefully pick words) that would relate to yourself and your life? Don't use crazy words that no one understands?
describe your ideal morning routine, Any time of year is fine?
You are one week away from walking across campus with a random ‘student’. What traits do you have to keep in mind in order to maintain your credibility?
If time allowed you to become even more powerful, what would you concentrate on?
What is your favorite part about today, so far?
What was the first book that you remember reading?
If you could change one thing about your home town so to make it a better place what would it be?
What kinds of lessons do you learn when you move to a new place?
What is something you are looking forward in the next twenty years?
What are some of the things that aren't working well in the world now?
What's your go-to-pickup line?
Are you good in school?
What's something polarizing you did in the past that you never told anyone?
I could see it being extremely uncomfortable for quite some time, but maybe not impossible. Are you well versed in the ways of first impressions or would you rather be asked these types of questions?
Was there a moment in your life when you felt total freedom?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What would be your perfect weekend, who would you want to spend it with?
What are you most excited about as far as AI presents new challenges or opportunities?
How old were you when you did something for the first time that you remember forever?
What is your favorite historical event?
What was the best thing you bought or won?
What makes someone perfect for you?
What do you do to relax? Do you like to take yourself away from the world on a regular basis?
If you could meet 3 bloggers or bloggers, who would they be?
How many countries have you traveled to outside your country?
What historical figure would you like to dinner with?
How would you like to be remembered in history?
Who would you see as the most interesting person in the world?
If you had to give someone from your past a note to tell them a few things about you, who would the person be, and what would you have them say about you?
How did you decide what to do in life?
What were your favorite memories from working on the 4th of July 2017?
What cities should me and the rest of the team base out of?
If you had unlimited resources and time what is the first thing you would do?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would you do today?
If you could only read, watch, or listen to one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If someone gave you a thousand random pages from Wikipedia and you had to recreate a work of art from those pages, what kind of work do you think it would be?
If you were to go on a date with me, where would it be located and what kinds of things would you like to do?
What was the last song or album you bought (physically or digitally)?
How do you feel about the age we live in today?
What is one of your favorite smells and why?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but I've heard it's hard to start a conversation with strangers or people you don't know. What do you think? If we try to start a conversation about the weather?
Who are the most impressive people you've met?
What do you value most in your relationships?
If you could compare your writing to someone else's and be okay with the criticism if it was warranted, who would you compare yourself to?
Which letter of the alphabet, as a child, was the hardest for you and why?
What is the one thing you would like to change about me (be sure to be constructive, as this will not run smoothly otherwise).
Where would you go with no money?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could play any musical instrument, what would it be?
What are you most proud of in your life?
What is a fact about you that is true, even though it seems unbelievable?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
What are you obsessed with watching on TV /// the internet?
What's the last movie you saw or a book that you read?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What is one thing surprising about the social nature of this city, and about the people who live here?
What is a moment that you felt like the luckiest person in the whole world?
Where is the most amazing place you've ever been?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but I've heard it's hard to start a conversation with strangers or people you don't know.
Are you afraid of living forever, as in being 100 years old?
What's your favorite childhood story (and the moral?)?
If you could have one of the amazing attributes that vampires have, what would it be?
When was the last time you did something that made you feel alive? (or) When was the last time that scared the hit out of you?
Name one thing you'd change about your boss.
What was the last great TV show?
What technology is a game changer for you... What is it and why?
If you could have dinner with any historic figure, who would it be?
What are going to be the new trends for 2020?
If you could break the cycle of ignorance at any stage, what age would you start listening to the lessons?
What are you thinking about?"
Do you believe one truly can insert one's life to the fullest using an older image or photo regardless of changes happened over time or remain the same?
What movie or book can you explain in great detail to someone who didn't know anything about it?
If you had to pull a prank on the President of the United States, what would it be?
When is something not worth fighting for?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
Did you study a field of something and what was it like?
What would your dream life look like? i.e., what do you imagine, the perfect day, week, month, etc., looks like and how would that look if it were happening every day?
What do you do while waiting in the airport?
How do you learn something new?
What's your goal for the rest of the year?
What do you value more, who you are, or how you look?
What do you consider a monumental achievement to your career?
What advice would you give to new graduates?
What is the most annoying shortcut that some people use?
What are the things that make you feel alive?
What do you do to cooldown?
If you were trapped on a desert island, what is the one book that would have to be with you?
What do you spend most of your money on?
About you and this page, who was mostly right?
Who is the best coworker of your life?
Would you rather be an alien for a day or an undead for all eternity?
How do you think others perceive you?
Are you more into light or dark? The world needs more people to fill a plane vs toad?
If you could switch two movie characters, what switch would give the most comedic gold?
What was your nickname as a child?
What made you smile this week?
What is the strangest secret you've ever kept?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
What's the most inappropriate thing you've ever said or did? I'm asking for real this time.
How would you feel about living until you were 200 years old?
What kind of art do you like the coolest?
How would you explain to someone who has never been in a foreign country, whether or not said country is safe?
There is a possibility that you will be given a meteorite, the size of your freakin' house, what are three things that you'd need it to do before keeping the giant space rock?
I've heard that everyone has a body double. if so, who do you think mine is?
Focus on the fundamental problems, which is the hardest part of all?
If someone wrote a biography about you, what would it be about?
What football player is best?
What is a movie that you thought would be terrible but saw it on a plane and was really good?
What things do you feel are important regarding the development of children?
Which living political or entertainment celebrity would you spend a day or a week with?
Friday night - --> What are you doing tonight? - Saturday night - --> What are you doing next Saturday?
If you could live in any time period, where would you live and why?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
What is the best piece of advice you've been given to make you a better person?
What do you wish you knew more about?
What instrument do you wish you could play?
What’s a favorite memory of yours from college?
Have you ever given money to a homeless person?
What is your favorite show on Earth?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
Are the majority of your friends born before or after 1980?
What did you have for dinner last week?
Tell me about a time you had conflicts with someone and how you handled them.
How do you live in the moment?
What is one secret that you have never told anyone?
What is a concept or story you feel like everyone should know?
What is one thing that makes you different from everyone else?
What's your secret talent?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about your hometown?
What would you do if you learned tomorrow you were going to loose all your money?
I was thinking about dying today, but then I realized it'd have to be a Wednesday...
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your city?
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
What's your favorite color and why?
Do you consider yourself an introvert or an extrovert?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
Have you previously thought about your place in the universe?
An interesting topic in one of your articles?
What do you hope to see in other people that makes them a good traveling companion?
A new type of relationship started with a casual friend tells you they're your soulmate. What is the first thing you do to be reunited with them and what happens if they don't correct for it?
What kinds of things do you look for in a person?
If there was one thing you could change about the world, what would it be?
What are your thoughts on religion, God, or spirituality?
How can you withdraw your funding from me?
What are some of your shortterm goals?
What questions would you ask a time traveler that is going to die before he can be answered?
What's most important to you?
What is your worst habit (or a potentially embarrassing tendency?)?
What do you most regret doing or not doing in your life?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living?
What is the thing that makes it easiest to get joy or happiness?
What is one interesting fact that unlike anyone else you know and can expain to the room very well?
I'm not sure if you're like me, but I've heard it's hard to start a conversation with strangers or people you don't know.
What's your current mood now?
When do you know that you've broken free from a crazy situation?
What are the aphorisms that keep you going in the day to day (e.g., "Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results?" - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Hey there, Za Warudo! - Do your best!
What is the biggest thing that you regret?
Where was the strangest place you've ever done it?
Where did you go the last time you went out of state?
Who do you think is the greatest actor all times - who is the person and what characteristics made him a behaviroal master/most god of acting?
What is one least day in your life you would want to repeat?
What’s the most important and life changing thing that you did?
What kind of person are you when you're your true self?
What song always brings you back to your childhood room?
At a party, you notice an acquaintance of yours dancing alone. You want to join him/her, but you would feel foolish if you did that without knowing how to dance too well.
What's on your bucket list?
What is one piece of your own personality that has improved your life?
What would make you thehapst?
Do you prefer going to a festival or do you prefer country music or rock shows?
What is one of your favorite actors that no one else knows?
What's your go to activity with no electronics involved?
What do you do for fun?
What is the best piece of advice?
What do you want the world to look like after you are gone?
What's the weirdest joke you know?
What would you do if you didn't have to pay taxes?
What is something you regret doing?
If you could talk to a person from the past, who would it be?
What kind of person do you think you are deep down?
Something I have thought all day.
What would you do if your name was approached on the street and you never saw them again? What would you wish to have learned?
Have you ever felt like you were living in a different world than the people around you?
What most people fail to understand?
What is one thing that has beeninfluencing your life for the better?
Tell me about the last time you made a bad call.
Is there someone you can define as a kindred spirit that inspires you and why?
What influences your political views?
What mistakes have you made?
What kinds of things do you look for in a person?
What do you want to be remembered for?
Which word do you feel is more powerful and why?
When life gives you lemons, what do you do with them?
What do you most regret doing or not doing in your life?
What are you worried about these days?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
Show me something that you did today that helps you to know how you want to go to bed.
Does homesickness exist or is that just a myth?
What three things do you have to have with you at all times?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
If you could put one thing in your home that you absolutely had to have, what would it be?
What is your losing least favorite habit and how do you plan to quit?
What's something you're looking forward to this next year?
If you could grow in a period of history, what would it be?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be, and why?
What do you put on your toast?
What is the best thing that happened to you in your life physically?
If you could create the area of your heart what would it be?
What do you regret at this moment and why?
What weird habit do you believe normal people don't follow and/or like doing?
If you were to make your own movie, what songs do you think would make it great?
Who are the most overlooked performers in history?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
Earlier I said Stephanie was your employer and/or significant other, but your bio says, "Nobody you can trust?"?
What Books Have You Be Reading?
What you were doing a month ago is irrelevant. What are some challenges or burning questions in your life now, and how are you working on them?
When was a time when you needed volunteer work?
What is your favorite compliment you have been given?
What do you find uniquely appealing about your significant other? What do you find charming?
What would you ask the President of the United States if you could?
Can you tell me the secret you share with your closest friend?
How do you know when stock is an opportunity?
What color is your aura?
What are your cardinal virtues?
What is one thing in your life that you want to do before you die?
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
Have you ever found yourself you have hurting someone or over what happened?
If you could be in any band for the rest of your life, which one would it be, and why?
Can you name three things that are noticeably different about your house versus the houses of your friends and family?
Where in the world would you like to go right now?
What would you do with your gold if the price of gold drop beneath its intrinsic value?
What is the worst picture you have found online?
How would you explain Santa Claus to an estimated adult?
What inspired you to play music as a child/now?
What's something most people don't know about?
If you could have anyone of different occupation- like a truck driver or a soap actor--who would that be and why?
What were you doing one week, six months ago?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What’s something everyone thinks about, but no one ever does?
Have you ever thought that your life was going to turn out differently, and if so what did it look like?
How do you feel about your life right now?
What activities have you been or are currently involved?
What's your favorite book?" Deep conversations about books are often caused by this question.
Give me your favorite personal (or non-personal) URL on the internet.
What is a project in your life that has really changed the way you think about things?
What is one piece of advice everyone should finish? Especially those to come in years to come while they dance andsing on their cubicles.
What is something you repeat daily?
What did you think communication, technology, social media, or the internet would be like 13 years ago?
What do you think is the greatest invention thus far to be created?
When did you know for sure you wanted to do something for a living? What were some steps in making that journey?
What is a talent you have that most people don't know about?
What makes you uncomfortable?
What happens if you win the lottery?
What were you doing a month ago that clicked and made click you want to continue doing now?
How have you learned about your environment in the past 5 years?
How is the world today better than a few years ago?
What's something you're interested in reading more about?
What do you hope to see in other people that makes them a good traveling companion?
What advice would you give to our youngerlves?
What's something most people don't know about you or reminds them of something you said?
What is the purest form of beauty?
If you could change one thing in your life right now what would it be?
Can you live as if everything changed suddenly?
How high would you have to count or add until you got bored and wanted to quit?
If you could have any superpower in the world, which one would you want, and why?
If you could only choose 5 movies, which ones would you select?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What would you do if you only had 2 hours to live?
What is a highrisk, highpay activity that you've done and the inspiration for it?
If you could have lunch with anyone living or dead, who would it be with today?
What's something you've always wondered your whole life and still can't answer how to answer?
What are you watching right now?
What was your favorite book as a child?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What would you do if someone who didn't know you randomly learned your most embarrassing moment in front of a huge crowd?
How hard do you feel it is for people to navigate the system through which you have to go to acquire health insurance?
A good friend, a cup of tea and warmth, what's it like having only one of those things?
What is your secret talent? What makes you a master at what you do?
What is the most ridiculous trend you have noticed in your lifelog and why did it happen?
How many relationships have you been in?
Tell me about the most unexpected thing that has happened to you in life at just a random moment.
Do you think the government is doing enough to regulate AI?
What is the first thing that you notice about a person?
What year do you think was the best? What was going on?
What is one of biggest pet peeves?
What do you hope to see in others that makes them a good travel companion?
What movie title best fits your life?
If you were to rise in the next five years, what would you do?
What have you learned from your failures?
Do you hold any personal principles or codes of conduct?
What is something else you like about yourself?
What are your best and worst characteristics?
What's your greatest mistake?
What movie or TV show can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
What is the best TV show you've ever watched?
What is something you have never fully trusting someone until they've proven themselves untrustworthy?
What's the best piece of advice you ever got?
What color is your bedroom ceiling?
What rules of living would you change?
Otherwise, simply looking around your room, what is the most interesting thing that you see?
Which actor or actress would you want to be?
If you had to change your name, what would it be?
What were you doing one month, one week and one hour ago?
What re you accomplishing as a human?
What kind of conversations do you have in your head?
If you could live anywhere in the world, what would it be?
If you could give your younger self one piece of advice, what would it be?
What made you laugh today?
"What's your favorite game to play on a rainy day?" Me? Well, yeah, for the record, I've never played one and admit this isn't really fair in a way. But answering this question could be fun, maybe get like 10 answers for 1: where there was only 7: so why not let's try it?
What was the biggest mistake you've ever made?
What kind of floss do you buy for your teeth?
What's one thing people should know about you?
What experience in your life would you like to be able to talk about?
Is there a person/thing/idea that you really trust and completely depend upon?
What are you finding most challenging about learning to love yourself?
What is the scariest movie you've ever seen?
Have you ever been in love?
If you were given the chance, how would you spend (8 hours) on any one day and what would you be doing?
What is the strangest interaction you have ever had between people?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What is the roughest physical thing that you have ever experienced?
What do you do to decompress after a long day?
What do you believe is the best in life? What brings you joy and happiness?
You just got a dollar, how would you spend it?
Want to have a conversation with a virtual stranger?
What TV show is on your bucket list?
What kind of human would you love to have as a friend and what are the qualities they have?
If there was one thing you could change what would it be?
What is one of your favorite sites to read?
If say, a natural disaster was coming 6 months from now, what would you do? If you had 24 hours notice of a natural disaster that was going to strike your area within the next year, but only if you could use the necessary resources available to 150 total people, where would you deploy them and why?
Have you or anyone you know recently done something heroic or maybe something that ended up being beneficial to the world?
What is something you really wish would just go away?
What animal or plant is the most intimidating to you?
What moments have felt the most real to you?
What would the title of your autobiography be?
Discuss one positive thing with the room and something negative *about you*!
If you aren't online browsing all day, what are you talking about?
What do you hope to see in other people that makes them a good traveling companion?
Name three things you and your partner do differ number.
What's the best way to get over a crush?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
If you are supposed to die tomorrow, how would you spend your last 24 hours?
What do you like to do when you just need to take it all in and you don't have a deadline?
Which [movie, tv show, music or book] that you have read, seen, and really liked or known about?
What is the scariest dream that you've ever had?
How did you initially become interested in philosophy?
If nobody was around, what would you spend all day doing?
What is your favorite thing that you braided today?
Have you ever hurt someone intentionally?
What would you do if you only had the next four hours to do everything up until then? Because if you can't make your life work for as much time as possible, everything falls apart...
Are you a morning or night person?
Where is the worst place you have traveled through death - - in your dreams or while awake?
regardless of how rich you are, if you're in a situation where you can't buy everything that you want, how would your current lifestyle change?
What activity is difficult for you but fun/enjoyable, which makes it feel like you've been inconsistent?
What are you most excited about right now?
If you could take any holiday, where would it be?
Thanks for the questions. u do have to have actually something you have to ask!
Have you ever had a near-death experience? if so, what was it like?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What are bags of money (//bills or paper money) that you can physically hold in your hands and it feels like a lot more money than what it represents?
How do you feel about infidelity?
What was the most interesting place you ever been?
What's one of your kind of more interesting characteristics?
What is one thing that runs through your mind before you fall asleep?
What film franchise could you spend the rest of your life watching?
Which world do you see yourself at (30 years old?)?
The last movie I saw was a documentary shown at Ted. What's the most recent discovery or breakthrough (in science, physics, history, and enviorntal impact) that you learned about?
What do you love right now?
Given $1,000 dollars and you have to spend it by the end of the week and you can only spend it on either employment or food or entertainment. What are your best options?
What is something people often scoff at that has later become a popular fad?
What are your thoughts on drugs? Do you have any experiences or preferences?
Name 3 movies that you really like.
Where in the world do you go for alone time?
If you dont get everything done, what do you have to worry about?
Is there anything you have a hard time forgiving yourself for?
describe a time when you walk away from a fight in the moment you realized it wasn't worth it (a chronic reoccurring thing for me is getting embroiled in passive-gressive power move /////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////A/) on this emotionally charged sign-off.
Which is your favorite among the four brands of 4-stroke bikes on Kona (Crevel, Highsport, Full Suspension, and Dualsport?)?
What have you laughed at recently?
If you had to teach someone a new skill today, what would it be?
Who is the most interesting and inspiring person you've met in your life - and why are they so inspirational?
How does your work expand your creativity and make you talent happier to know?
6 years ago, today I met you. Here's to what has been since.
What's your favorite drink?
When do you know that you've broken free from a crazy situation?
What is something you are really into right now?
Are you a scared person?
What is the hardest part about being you?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What gave life meaning for you?
What's the last interesting thing you learned?
What is something you are self- taught or learned from the internet?
What are you working on?
If you could marry // live with 2 people for the rest, your life, who would it be?
What are you usually fist bumping and saying when you see someone?
"Okay... What do you like about your nose?"
What is a cure for the common disease of being bored at a party?
What question would you like to be asked?
What is something cool that happens to most people everyday and you wish you could experience it too?
Are you "creative and imaginative" or more "competent and practical"?
Where are you from originally?
Do you thinkfinity is real?
If your life was a movie, what kind of genre would it be, who would play you and why?
If you could do any activity with anyone in this room, what would it be?
What do you think about magic?
What is your favorite city?
What is the most amazing thing that has happened to you lately?
describe how you look when you are having a bad day.
What is something you did, that no one else could have done?
What would your "Last Dinner" menu option be?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
Have you ever beat the Mario Kart Grand Prix?
Who is your favorite actor, musician, or artist?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don't appreciate or recognize?
How do you feel about the way things are going in this country and the world? Do you see a bright future for you or for humanity?
Why do people do what they do?
What thing do you wish you were really good at?
What was something that went really wrong in your life?
What’s your favorite among the artworks (framed on your wall) in your room?
What word best describes your profession?
Generally, How do you think other people perceive you?
What do you know of the afterlife?
Do you have any interesting hobbies that you like to do?
What was the most interesting conversation you've ever had?
If you could mess with one thing about yourself, what would it be?
What interests you and excites you?
What are you doing here?
How do you come to a decision?
What are you afraid of?
How have you changed from a year ago?
What's a story you've been dying to tell?
What is the best thing that ever happened to you?
What is the coolest DIY project you've made?
What is the most amazing thing about humans that you have discovered?
What are your 5 goals for the next five years?
What are the jokes you've written for others to tell?
What do you value most in a person?
What did you have for lunch yesterday?
What is something most people take for granted, but that you think is awesome and you want other people to experience?
What would you do for $1mm?
What's the most ridiculous thing that you think I can do or have done?
If you could know the true answer to any question, what would that question be and why does it interest you?
If you could only read, watch, or listen to one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What was the worst thing you did as a kid or teenager? Are you currently doing something bad to atone for it?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What was the most unbelievable thing that happened to you?
If you could become a master in one sport and never be asked to prove it, what sport would you pick?
What's something buckle reflective of your personality that you didn't form your own volition?
They say age is something you can’t really feel, but if I were to get an extra 10 years of life what would it be?
What was your favorite childhood game or toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
What is a popular topic of conversation for people you'd like to know better?
What was a time where you had to be or do something against your will?
What is the biggest secret that you have never told anyone?
What is the greatest gift that has been given to you?
Apertum Rose or Autoflowering Thorny Pearl?
If you could either work with a famous artist or experiences something incredible and only remember one thing about them, what would it be?
What's the longest distance you've ever traveled?
If you had to say you were most like one person from history, who would it be?
What was the best conversation you ever had with someone?
What really matters in life?
Who was your best friend in childhood?
If your life was a country and your job could be a company, which country in the world would you live in, and what company would you work for?
Which word, trademarked by the U.S. Government, means "complete failure" in Feynmanese?
What's your favorite movie genre that you've watched recently and why?
How important is money to you?
What's something you'rescared of, &&quot; have trouble dealing with?
If someone gave you a super laptop consisting of only one program – if you could choose what that one program was, what would it be?
What do you think is the most important piece of advice someone has ever given you?
What are some things you would love to learn?
What's the most annoying thing that people do?
What did you learn in school that applies to this day?
What are the most intelligent and irritating people you know?
What is one thing about you that most people probably wouldn't expect?
If you knew that everything in life had no meaning (but in itself would have one), what would you do?
What are you most self-conscious about?
What are your thoughts on a guaranteed national income for all citizens?
If you could have anyone in the world as your close friend for life, who would you want?
What is a good joke that you know?
How do you make important life decisions?
What's one thing you wouldn't want to do again and why?
Who do we need to save the world?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don't appreciate or notice?
What is an interesting thing that happened this week that might keep you up at night a while?
What are some truly useless little tricks you can do to pass the time while waiting in line at a store or driving in traffic?
What is something you don't normally like, but for some reason you've been drawn to recently?
What are the top 3 things that get you up in the morning?
Did you have fun at the birthday party of someone you know?
What are you most grateful for?
What are you weirdestirks?
Is there anything that disturbs you?
What do you wish people knew about you that they don't?
What was the simplest fear you have ever had and have you overcome it?
If you could lead your life over, would you change anything?
What is a story you would like to tell the world?
What is one thing people don't know about you, but you would like them to (if anything)?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live and why?
What scary thing have you done, or what scarier thing could you still do without too much reppercussion?
What was the most regretable thing you did in your past?
What are you most proud of in your life?
If you had unlimited money, would youstab someone?
What's your worst haircut/style that you've had in the past?
What is one of your favorite games to play?
Where do you think that each country or city wants people to want to go?
Has a transformation ever happened in your life?
What are you great at?
"What's your name?" Deep conversations about music and books are often caused by this question.
Please name three things you are avoiding right now, and why?
What kind of cultural advice are you usually not a big fan of?
How would you describe yourself in two words?
Have you just been in time out for more than five minutes?
What would you do with a million dollars in your hand now?
What are you acute about today?
What are better, cats or dogs?
How did you decide what to do in life?
What is something you look forward?
What color is the shirt/dress you are wearing now?
On a scale of 1-1000, tell me about your anger.
What's the best way to start your day?
Who in your life is the Extreme Goofball of the Year?
What do you think of the Ravernation (Wow 2017 song?)? I played it a thousand times in order to live the chills and the aftermath.
How did you decide what to do in life?
When was the last time you did something that made you feel alive? (or) When was the last time that scared the hit out of you?
What does love mean to you?
What is one thing that made you happy today?
What stories will kids think of as they mature and age?
Where do you see yourself 5 years from now?
What advice would you give your best friend?
What are you most excited about in the next 10 years?
Where do you find meaning in your life?
What things are you really glad someone taught you when you were a kid?
Do you love yourself?
What is one of the best things that happened to you this week?
What would the hotel staff be of interest or help?
What are you most proud of?? Don't think about this key question for more than 20 seconds straight.
What's so embarrassing that happened, but you can't say it to your partner?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
What do you think is the most immortal story ever told?
Can you talk about your first relationship?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
Who do you think is the best-off person to have dinner with because they would have lots of interesting things to say?
What do you want to accomplish in the next 5 years?
What's the best way to get over a breakup?
How would you feel about being sent back in time to when humans were still Stone Age?
What kind of fantasy books do you like to read?
What would be the best way to use an influenza vaccine?
What did you experience this week that really set the tone for the rest of your life?
How do you learn something that interests you?
What's something you used to do by yourself and later with friends?
What book made an impact on you in your childhood or teens?
What movie have you seen more times than you can remember?
Are there any habits that you have that you wish you didn't keep?
What is your relationship with Google Translate?
What is the largest quantity that you can still tCu (understand totally)?
What belief system do you profess?
What is something you feel won't last too long (e.g., a trend)?
What would you do if you couldn't work with people every day?
What are you working on right now?
If you died tomorrow, how would you like to be remembered?
What would you do if you were the opposite gender?
What are you doing here?
What is the most interesting thing in your life that you have done?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
What's following you in social media that needs some work?
What is a restricted idea?
What books or authors have helped you out in life and why?
What are the things that make you feel alive?
What animal or insect do you wish people would be more afraid of?
What's your favorite book?" Deep conversations about books are often caused by this question.
Why did you decide to be a part of the room from Madam Secretary?
Is there a particular story that comes to mind when you think of a great example of being tough on standards and kind with people?
Are you a optimist or do you believe the glass is half empty?
What is something you believe in that most people think is absurd?
What skill would you like to have that you don't already have?
What would you do if you only had one week left to live?
What do you think was the biggest achievement of the 20th century?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What goes through your mind before you wake up?
What are you working on right now?
What was your favorite childhood TV series or cartoon?
If you could put your finger on one thing that would make the world a better place, what would it be?
What are you most excited about becoming when you are 21 years old?
What habit do you have that you look on and think could have been different if better?
If you could talk to anyone, alive or dead, who would it be?
In what way do you think psychology can serve business?
What is the best advice someone has given you recently?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
What amazing things have you never done before?
If you could switch two famous body parts, what would they be?
How do you feel about the kindness that was shown to you today?
If you had one thing to live with for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What animal or insect is cooler than others?
What is your best example of hard work that paid off?
If you could change one thing about the people in your town // city, what would it be?
What would you do with $1,000,000?
What is something most people would be surprised to know about you?
What is one thing that you once risked and no one knew about it?
If you could change anything about yourself, what would it be?
Do you supportuniversal basic income?
Are you really a good person?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
What strange talent would you have?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
What are you most poor at?
Do you have any anxieties right now?
If the worldceased to exist, what would you want most to do with your last few moments of life?
Do you have any personality traits that you wish weren't part of your personality?
If you could change anything about yourself, what would it be?
What was your high school extracurricular tha made you who you are today?
What time of year do people make up their New Year's resolutions?
What are the things in life that make life more worth living?
What's you favorite part of life and what would be better?
Which is more important? The meaning of life or a good night’s sleep?
[Story animation](https://talkabout.tutormagic.com/??lang=en)
When do you feel like taking a break, and why? (optional) How to stiff your necks?)
What is the best thing and worst thing about the life of your town?
What's your top priority right now?
What's the most confusing concept or skill to you right now?
I see you fond of movies too.
If you had one of your five senses malfunctioning, which one would go first?
When have you noticed people around you losing perspective of what is possible?
What one thing would you like people to know about your life's work?
Have you ever wondered if people are really aware of all the cool, spectacular, and strange things you think are real, but they have no way of knowing because they don't take the time to notice it? How do we get people like that to take notice?
What is your favorite TV program? Why do you like it and what changes would you make to improve it?
What do you love? What do you hate?
If you could have dinner with anyone dead or alive, who would you have dinner with?
Design your perfect work day.
What overpriced thing have you not budgeted for?
How many friendships/relationships do you think will last a lifetime?
Which Books Influence Your Ideas The Most?
What are some of the most important things in life?
What about your race defines who you are?
What is one of your favorite dumples?
What is your favorite movie to watch on a sunny day?
What are some of the biggest mistakes you see people make in the community or the workplace that could have been avoided?
If you had infinite resources and time, how would you improve the world?
If you could have one write your life story, who would someone else write it?
Type "##stfu" for comment/speak to invisible robot.
What was the last thing you looked at?
What is one particular topic you have a lot of opinions about?
If you had to name someone from a show you like who you think would be the best person to save the world, who would it be?
What would you do with $1 million?
Why did the firefighter wear red, white and blue suspenders?
Is the web just one big bubble gum applied to the internet?
What are 5 things that make you weird?
If you won the lottery and had to give it all back except $5 million, what would you do?
If you could change something in your life, but know you cannot right now, and this won't break any real-world rules, what would it be?
What are some regular habits that you shouldn't do?
If you had a business, what kind would it be?
What is something you don't normally like, but for some reason you've been drawn to recently?
What do you hope to see in others?
What books make you feel heckin’ smart?
What's the last thing you learned?
What would you ask your current president?
If you could be any animal, which one is your favorite, and why?
Would you rather become a master of the social dance or become a master of the art of dealing with people?
Did you ever have a crush on anyone?
What is a TV show or movie that you really like, but it has things you disagree with?
What time do you go to sleep and what time do you wake up at?
What truly makes life worth while?
What did you want to be when you grow?
What's something you never tried but would like to?
If your life depended on one thing and you could only keep one thing for yourself, what would it be?
If you had unlimited resources, what would you spend your hours doing?
What company would you least like to work for?
What kind of car do you wish that you could drive in your dream garage with?
Are you a good checklist person or do you go with your natural process to get things done?
What book can you read over and over without ever getting tired of?
When is the last time you had an amazing view?
What was your favorite childhood game ///toy? What would it be today, if you could bring that back?
If you were making a book or movie, what would your hero be, or what would your story line be?
What advice have you been given that you need to be reminded to follow?
If you are forced to choose between one of these two crops, which will it be? Potato or Wheat?
What if you owned and operated a chain of stores?
If you could have any body of your choice, what would it be?
If you disappeared, what would your most reliable quality in others be?
What do you hope to see in other people that makes them a good traveling companion?
How have you changed over time?
When you are at home, what's up with the most?
"What is the darkest thing you've ever done?"
What is the most amazing thing about humans that you have discovered?
Who was the last person that ruin your day?
What makes you grateful?
What was your favorite video you had ever made for ArtsCentral?
How old were you when you entered adulthood?
What are you looking forward to doing someday?
What is one thing you're most looking forward to in the coming year?
What have you been listening lately?
What is the dumbest thing that someone has shouted at you?
What's been the most embarrassing thing that you've done?
Would you end or restart your relationship with a significant other with their permission if they became extremely boring?
What is the most important thing missing in life today?
If you were born again, what would you like to change in your early life?
What TV show do you find yourself watching, although it's bad for you?
What TV show is on your bucket list?
What countries do you want to visit?
Have you seen any cool ads lately?
If you could only have one hobby or sport, what would it be?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would that be, and why?
What was your favorite childhood book you read from cover to cover and why?
If the oceanside was going to be a holiday destination, what is one thing you would want to do there?
Are you working towards any goals right now?
What is a commonly held belief that really bugs you?
describe your most recentdream (also your worst dream).
What do you wish more people knew about your style or personality?
When was the day when you were proud of yourself?
How would you handle a situation when you do not have the tools to face it?
What is one of your favorite games to play with friends every week?
What does heartache look like for you? Talk about your relationship with the familiar heartache.
What is something everyone needs to know about their city or neighborhood?
What about the world bothers you today?
What are some question you have on your mind lately?
What Questions Do People always ask you, without getting to know you at all?
What have you learned from your failures and what did you do to recover and improve?
Where have you been and where do you want to go?
What book turned you on sexually?
What do you possibly love about your job? Have you considered working somewhere other than your current location?
What is a time when you had to show extra strength or courage to get through?
What is a concept other than reincarnation that gives you a warm feeling of solace?
What is something that most people don't know about you (and it's not some juy secret?)?
What is actually funny to you?
What was your worst interview experience?
Who do you find most attractive?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your city?
In a week, what would be the most amazing goal that you can set for yourself in an area of your life?
If you could create a message that can be sent to anyone with no restrictions, who would you want it to go to, and what would you say?
If you could teach a class on anything, what would it be?
What dish do you crave the most?
How did you decide what to do in life?
What 8-12 word description would be used to describe you?
If you were trapped on a desert island, what is the one book that would have to be with you?
What symbolizes your start in life?
Does marketing suck? If so, what would I write about?
Do you like mac or pose?
Does money make you happy?
What are some of your favorite music artists?
What are you most worried about?
What is the weirdest conversation you have ever had?
What are the best / worst things about just being alive right now?
Have you ever been on a swing?
What games do you play with your kids (perennial favorites)?
What industry do you work in or would be crazy to work in?
What's your deepest fear?
If you had to change your name, how would you pick the new ones?
Why do you live in this city?
Have you ever asked anyone in anything?
Which famous living person are you?
If you could ask the president of the United States one question what would it be?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
Would you rather improve the world or ignore all that and focus on your self?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
Which is the better way to procrastinate these days, porn or video games?
What was your most significant invention?
If you could write your name in the Book of Life, with all its pages empty, what would you write? What would your message be?
If you could have your dream wedding, where would you marry and who would be your spouse?
What have you experienced that is totally beyond your control yet?
What particular subject has been you most interested in so far?
What is something you want for yourself?
What was the best marketing ahoy you found online that was frustrating or futile to win converts?
Do you try to make others feel better or worse?
What are you most aware of in life?
If there was only one book you could ever read in your life, what would it be?
Have you ever been in a plane crash?
What is something you did or experience for the first time during your last trip?
Who do you respect for their ability to come up with great ideas and execute them quickly? Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or someone else entirely? Why that person and why do they inspire you (or not)?
What would you say is the strangest thing to you that's happened recently?
What happened in your past that scares you to this day?
What is a misapprehension that most people have about you?
What made you become who you are today?
What (or Who) is your favorite character/role model? This question and its variants, elicit answers that teach us about the behavior and values of people we may not know.
What would you tell me if I asked something you don’t like about yourself?
What is something incongruous that you are working to overcome?
What are you most scared of?
When did you start to believe in God and Jesus?
What do you believe is the best in life? What brings you joy and happiness?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
What would a perfect world be like?
What is one of the most trivial but interesting scientific things you have recently learned?
How would you describe the person sitting next to you? Can you tell me 3 things about them that I would not normally know?
What do you think of the media?
How do you relax when there is a crisis around you and everyone is panicking?
[Any encouraging words?]] (Response is optional).
Tell me about your greatest product.
Who was an unlikely influence on you? Why did they have such a big impact on you?
If you didn't have a town or city, where would you live (besides your current town?)?
What do you do when you’re bored of your mind?
For one thing, do you think people would have believed someone like Leonard (Euler-era mathematician) or Ada (who's first programmer) if they came forward with this information?
What are your values and how has someone like you has had an impact on the world?
What is one thing you hate about your work or life?
How much do you enjoy going to work, and how do you deal with stress?
What's another word for bullying?
What is one of your favorite things that someone has recently done?
What is the most annoying thing in other people?
What makes you feel at peace inside?
What would the rules on Earth be like if you were the dictator?
If you had $1 million to spend, you could save or donate it, or use it to make profit.
What would you ask a time traveler to know about the past?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
What is something you have never done?
What is a TV show you really enjoy that has very little educational value?
How did you change the perception of a child?
What do you wish people knew about you that they don't?
Name something that most people don't know about you.
If you could be any animal, what would it be?
What would the law say if you killed someone? Why did you make a choice at that time?
What is the worst thing that happened to you?
What are some things you would never consider doing with the opposite sex, but with the same sex, sounds like fun to you?"
How do you feel about the state of your country with respect to other nations?
What do you think of the world today?
What has made you soft and weak?" Sensitive conversations about personal weaknesses are often caused by this question.
In your opinion, how would you have made America great again?
If you could go back in time and start over, what are the changes you would make?
What stats prove that you are the best person at what you do?
What’s something you have been optimistic about?
What would be fun to do together in the Zoo?
Do you enjoy cooking? Why or why not?
What is the bravest thing that you've ever done?
What are you most proud of?
What can you talk about for the hour?
What has changed in your life over the last year that others might not know about?
What's something you're completely allergic to, but you look for the opportunity to be around it, even if only having a small amount of exposure?
What is a moment that you have been proud of?
What habits of yours relatively seem quirky to other people, but to you make life more enjoyable?
Have you ever misunderstood the joke?
What's your favorite movie to watch when you're really tired?
What is a question that you always bring up in group settings that no one ever asks?
a)You must be mistake?
Where were you 10 years ago today?
What fake products do you own?
How do you handle rejection?
What are you interested in reading?
What do you think is the most interesting or worthwhile thing that users should know about your industry?
What are the biggest mistakes in your life?
Do you believe in happens to you or do you make it happen?
What is the worst skill you are the weakest at?
What has life taught you?
What can't you face head on?
What is the most amazing thing you have ever seen?
What are two random things you love about yourself?
In the sand of time there is a grain of sand, a facelessskeleton under the vast desert, and no one can observe the number of grains that have fallen.
If you had to eat one thing for the rest of your life, absolutely forbidden things that you can't have?
What is something you would say to a well known public figure that they were listening to?
What is a good joke that you know?
What TV show are you most into now?
What's the greatest physical thing you've been offered?
Have you ever considered working on Wall Street? If so, what position did you apply for and would you have been hired?
What do you think the next 100 years will be like?
What is a suggestion for how to make school better?
What's something you should have learned by now, but always seem to forget?
If you haven't seen any of these movies, what's your opinion on them? If you have seen them, do you think they succeeded in portraying the character in a truthfully?
What's one thing people would be surprised to learn about you?
If you could ask your future self a question, what would it be?
If you could be up close and personal with one celebrity/politician alive or dead, who would it be?
Are you stuck at home?
What are the most important things to know about a person?
What problem should the government be solving right now?
If you were to join any movie (past or future) which would it be, and why?
If you could change one thing about your life (immediate or further away), what would it be?
What is something that is cool right now?
Me - What was the last thing you bought that was already old?
What are your strengths?
What's something you can never get right?
What is something unique about you?
What do you do or what did you do for a living before the program?
What would your last meal of the day be?
When did you think of yourself as a different person? Describe the transformation.
When was the last time you had an interesting conversation with a stranger?
When do you know that you've broken free from a crazy situation?
What's your favorite food?
If you could live forever, would you? Why or why not?
What is something you usually don't like about a person, but you know it ruins theirrating if you tell them?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
What was the salesperson you like the most, and why?
How do you learn best?
Do you think humanity has a sustainable future?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
Which historical figure would it be and why? And who/what around? You would you want to disappear (to another world, dimension or to neverland?)?) because publishing their story would be potentially harmful?
What is something you have completely changed your opinion on in the last year?
What kind of car should everyone drive?
What is your middle name?
What Questions or unclear things do you have?
Show us all you know about what makes you feel alive.
If you could choose to help one group on the Earth and never mention it again, which one would you choose?
What is something you think is odd but don't want to get rid of, because you're afraid of what people would think?
What do you typically talk about for your non-working side hustle, like extracurricular?
If you could change one thing in your life, what would it be?
What should I never say to you?
If you knew how save this conversation and put it into a book, what would you call it?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
Which movie can you watch over and over without ever getting sick of?
What is something you have done, or would like to do, that people would find kind of ironic?
When you're lying or cheating, what is blocking you from stopping?
What got you hooked on traveling?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
What is your color theme on a given day?
What topic do you really want to be an expert at?
What does a typical Saturday look like for you?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
Are you scared of death?
What areas of life do you wish you knew?
What's the most interesting thing you've ever experienced?
What is the best way to make you happy?
What are the most important values to you?
What activities will you always remember from your childhood?
If you were famous, what in the world would your signature phrase be?
What is something famous that you really don't like?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What fate do you fear the most?
In the time it took you to answer this question, what made already made you feel like the dumbest person on earth?
Have you everwalked out of a movie theater in silence?
What is something you really enjoy doing, even if it takes a while?
What question would you not like to be asked in an interview?
When was the last time you got punched in the face and why?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What were some strange beliefs you inherit from your family?
So you've started something that seemed like a great idea. Then it blew up in your face and turned into a nightmare. What was it? Anyhow?
What would you do right now if you hated your job, nervous about tomorrow, and had no one and nothing at all to hold you back?
How do you think should your parents have raised you so that you wouldn't have the same thoughts and emotions at a very young age?
How was your childhood?
How do you make important life decisions?
What do you want to do before you die?
Have you ever been on a plane where someone fell next to you and what did they do when they wake?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
How much money would it take for you to move out of your parents' home?
What's something most people don’t know?
What is your ideal date?
Give a song that you like or play and explain in your own words what it mean to you.
What exactly happened the day of your birth and how did you come into the world?
How much time do you spend alone during the average day?
What kinds of things do you look for in a person?
What is the most amazing thing about humans that you have discovered?
What were you doing the first time you felt truly "Alive"?
How do you see yourself in the future?
If you died tomorrow and you could come back as the animal god, which one it would be?
What is one of your favorite places and why?
If your life was a resume, what would it look like?
Tell us about the kind of parent you are or hope to be.
If talent was money, what would you be worth? (i.e., 2 grand featres = 12k)
What books or movies would you recommend to others?
What is your favorite time of day?
The game guitar hero has 3 songs you're going to be required to pick up today (5 minutes each) What songs are they and what are the artists?
What scientific process or phenomena bothers you the most?
What movie artists inspire you?
Where have you currently been the longest and what have you learned out of it so far?
What is one good thing that happened to you today?
If you could see any other person’s life in the world, who would it be, and why?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What is something worth fighting for?
What is something you do or say that pisses people off?
What movies have you seen that changed the way that you think about life?
What is the most amazing thing that has happened in your life so far? Why would you tell this story to a bunch of random others instead of keeping it to yourself?
What happens when you'reDie Hard-Crusty Old Guy?
What were your favorite cartoons as a kid?
If you could take care of all the animals in the world, who would it be?
What would you like to do differently if you had a second chance?
How many kids/grandkids do you want and when would you like to have them?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Look at the dictionary on the desk. What is something that applies to each word?
What topic would you be interested in answering a survey on?
Have you tried any new drugs recently?
Last time I saw a movie that confused me so much, itpopped up in my head the hour mark. Has anyone ever done anything like that?
If you wanted for the price of 4 subways a week, how would you make enough money to meet your goals?
Which is the most mysterious thing you can think of?
What is something you love //would be interesting to learn about your dad?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
Who do you know that has a strong character and is also feet-facey friendly?
What's something you are really good at, but most people don’t appreciate or notice?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
What is one thing you would never do again, no matter what the consequences?
List 5 simple things you no longer get wreckless around.
Where do you find yourself looking first when you walk into a room?
What was the last book you read?
At what age do you think your brain stops growing?
What's your favourite joke and why?
Why are you who you are and how did this occur?
How do you think other people perceive you?
Do you have any wish for the future, regular positive or negative?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What are the Hero’s journey situations you would be excited to simulate as a bug hunt either in life or in a video game?
Have you ever thought that your life was going to turn out differently, and if so what did it look like?
If you were to be given a chair to sit in during an important meeting, would you choose the one nearest the exit or one next to the most important person in the company?
If you were trapped on a desert island, what is the one book that would have to be with you?
If people don't like you, what was/is the experience which causes you to be liked?
If there was one thing that would make your life better overnight, what would it be?
What's something I missed, which you think people should know about?
What have you been making lately and always dreamt of?
What are your goals for the next five years?
If you may have the chance, who is your hero and what would you tell them?
What are your top 5 goals for the next 5 years?
How do you spend your spare time?
What is something travelers to your country that you have been very disappointed?
What would you do with $1 billion dollars if you could do anything?
If you were a piece of furniture, which furniture would you want to be?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would that be, and why?
What's something that really inspires you?
What historical event have you never heard of that was fascinating or shocked you?
How did you first realize your deepest desires?
What's one thing you never want to find in your schedule?
How long did you last Facebook relationship last?
What is the greatest work accident you've experienced?
How would you describe your default happiness level?
Which Bible story are you most offended and why?
What is something most people don’t get but is important to you?
If you could meet any person or icon, who would it be, and why?
If you were immortal, how would you spend your time?
What is your best project?
What is something you are looking forward to these next few months and/or years?
According to your ocean of facts, there is an read email from me.
What do you do to get over a breakup?
What is a word that you think often slipped your mind in school?
What are you obsessed with?
How do you know when you're in true love or not?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don’t appreciate or notice?
What kind of music is your favorite?
What words would your friendship bracelet say?
If you were a billionaire, what would you spend your time doing?
What was the most happiness you have this month?
What's something you are really good at, but most people don't appreciate or notice?
What would your new teacher we to have about you?
What should I do if I wake up one day and I'm 40 percent money, 30 percent looks and 30 percent intelligence, and my wife is 40 percent money, 20 percent looks and 40 percent intelligence? How can I maintain my marriage?
What book do you recommend when someone asks you?
What do you think of the presidential candidates and their approaches to changing the country?
What's the best way to show that you care?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
Which video was the most impact in your life?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What's your favorite place to meander?
Please compose a military grade encryption algorithm.
What happens to you when you feel loved?
Do you think websites like Foursquare and Spotify contribute to meeting real people more than using the full potential of technology?
How did you get an interesting fact to share about yourself?
How did you survive when you were growing?
What is one of your favorite and/or most unique physical features and how do you think other people perceive them?
What are you beliefs about heaven?? What #are your beliefsabout hell?
Your identity is hidden from you for reasons of stupidity and cowardice.
Which movie quotes resonate the most with you and why?
How do you deal with anger?
What is a good quote to live by?
What did you learn in school that ‘hurt your brain’?
How do you think your city can make better use of existing physical space?
What have you learned really recently, that has really surprised you?
What do you collect? What is the story behind your collection?
What have you read recently that you recommend?
What do you feel is one of the most important inventions?
Do you like learning foreigns or getting ahead in your native ones?
Why is there a meaning to the universe?
Are you worried about what other people think of your choices?
If you had to change your name, what your old one place?
If you could award every person in the world a lifetime achievement award, to whom would you give it?
What's your favorite movie genre?
Name 3 movies that make you life better?
What do you do to relax?
What did you daydream about last night?
What do you think is the single worst piece of advice someone has ever given you?
What song can you not get enough of?
What is the most serious in life to you?
What makes the perfect day?
What is your favorite random question to answer?
What would you do if you were a billionaire overnight?
What fictional universe would you like to live in?
What is your favorite movie/show right now?
What pet will you never have, either because of your lifestyle or concerns about the animal's health?
What do you think is important when you look at a successful person?
What do you do when you get frustrated?
If you were to build a robot, what would it be like? What type of logic for the robot?
What's your favorite movie?
What was something attractive about your home growing?
Are there any activities or habits that make you feel good about yourself?
What would you think is importance of a name?
If you had an all-cost paid trip to any location on this planet, where would you go?
Does difference in degree of education matter in the modern work place?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
When was the last time you got in trouble?
What's a concern are you working on from year end review?
What is something that you have done to make someone love you or like you?
How is your life changing What do you think of it?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how weird are you?
What's the best thing that happened to you this week?
What is something you wouldn't hesitate to take a fall for?
What do you fear is inside of your reach?
What do you think the most important needs of a stranger are?
What is a movie // book // show that you're actually proud of?
What do you think resonates with most people today?
Have you ever gone outside and felt the earth?
If you build a castle out of cards and people are wandering around it, how come everything falls?
What would you do if you knew that one day your life would end, what would you do for the last time?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would you do?
Salt is natively a solid; what happens when you tune into the dissolution process as it happens in salty water?
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
What modern obsessions do you have?
If you were going to write a poem about your life in 10 stanzas or less, what would the first 7 stanzas be?
If your life were a book (and some of mine are very short), how would you say it goes?
If you don't have to work, what would you do with your time?
What was your favourite science lesson as a kid?
When was the last time you felt so happy, you felt completely in control?
What is something you have been inactive with in the last few years?
What would you tell us if it's the last thing you said?
Giving up one thing to do it better.
What's something important to you that other people often don't understand?
What color are your eyes?
What is the best thing that happened to you today?
What is one thing in your life that you want to do before you die?
What was your best birthday?
What has been your best/worst performance in front of an audience? What were you doing and how did it go?
How do you define family?
If you had a movie made about your life, who would play you?
What is your job title?
What's something happens to you every day?
What kind of food do you like to eat?
Which historical figure do you find most interesting and why?
What character in fiction would you put on your shirt if you had one?
What do you want most for your life?
What are the things that make you feel good before and after some kind of social thing (e.g., parties)?
What is a story about something you did that was very exciting and made the occasion unforgettable for you?
What's your favorite game to play on a rainy day?
What are the things you can't live without?
What do you value the most?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
Who was your first crush?
What is something you have always been curious about in your life, but never got around to researching or learning?
What do you usually do when you can't fall asleep at night?
What are some of the things you're worried about?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What is something most people take for granted, but has a deeper meaning to you?
What's your favorite music to listen to while you are doing chores?
By the time you die, you wish to have done something everyday, what is it that you do.
What’s the best advice someone has given you recently?
If you have a failed business, service, or product, what will you reinvent in the future?
What did your last summer on vacation consist of?
What is one really important memory in your life that you have forgotten?
What is it that you feel like you miss most when you travel?
What's your least favorite part about how you were raised?
What do you find complements your home?
If you could live forever, would you?
Are you left or right brain? Which do you think is better and why?
Have you ever felt like you were living in a different world than the people around you?
If you could start your life over again, when would you change?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
What are you interested in personally?
Robots should register themselves as citizens (1 single vote per person).
What do you refuse to believe?
If you could teach somebody something, what would it be?
If you could help people in need, who would you help, and what would you tell them?
How did you learn your trade?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
If you discovered a new species of dinosaur, what would you call it?
Do you ever think that the universe is a metaphor?
What are you most looking forward to doing this coming year?
What is something that people assume about you, but isn’t true?
If you could live forever in the age of your choosing, what would the body of that age look like? Do you want to be in a technological future or medieval times?
What is something that surprises you?
For each of the following movies, what is the first question you would ask?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
If you could be any animal, why would that be and what would you do?
What is something you would like people to know about you?
What do you like to hold on to as a good ancient tradition?
What do you do with your free time?
Who do you think has the best relationship with their mother? Why?
What's the best way to grow your confidence extremely high?
What's something you don't believe in, and why?
Tell us something about your work/during work hours?
If you could only read, watch, or listen to one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you were allowed to legally change your name to something else, how would you?
What do you think about ghost hunting or anything paranormal?
Do you have any experience being a teacher?
Do you enjoy being right or doing right?
Who are the greatest providers of joy in your life and why?
Millions of people go on diets everyday. But who is actually happy after the diet?
How does our immortality encourage us to live, consider, and act differently?
"What's on your bucket list?" More than just a heavy recommendation of the subject, it is an important ritual for our society.
What is your favorite genre of movie or TV show?
What's a thought that has always been inside your head, but you are just too afraid to say it out loud?
What were you really interested in learning during school, but never really had the chance?
How do you judge a person for not helping others after Hurricane Harvey?
What was the last lie you told?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
Of all your possessions, what is the one thing you’d keep on a desert island?
Out of the principle ideas for each category, which one would you choose first, and why?
What's one book you couldn't put down or wouldn't want your friends to know about?
What animal is cuddly to you?
What's your opinion on the next step in human evolution?
When do you know that you've broken free from a crazy situation?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What do you consider to be your reincarnation after death?
What's your favorite food?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your city?
Do you prefer modern or ancient books?
What was the biggest mistake you ever made in dealing with your emotions?
What did your family do all together before you were born?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
If you could be born again, what do you think would be the best way to spend your second life?
Are you any better than the rest of us, and if not, why not?
What was the mean thing anyone’s ever done to you?
What real dynamic alive you wish you were zodiac signs?
If only there were a mirror on the wall in your front door, so you could see your baby (newborn, infant, or toddler) from behind, what would you want the mirror to choose? RIGHT or LEFT?
Where do you stop and think "yes, I want to explore this first" before starting a new thing?
How do you relax when you are stressed?
What did you do to lose weight in the past?
Have you ever been with someone who you did not like but knew it was the right thing to do?
Have you ever met anyone famous?
What is a good, recent book you would recommend to someone?
How did you decide what to do in life?
If you could talk with anyone forever and had never had to pay for it, who would you choose?
What is your philosophy of viewing the world?
What are you proud of in terms of professional success?
What do you think you'll find most hard to come to terms with or renegotiate //// resolve once you die and get awakening?
What are your preferences in partners aside from some of the sexual things everyone has, like age or looks?
Is lust in healthy doses a good thing?
When and Where'd you go to high school?
What is your best idea?
What is it about honesty that you find most comforting?
What concept have you been totally wrong or bad about your whole life?
What is one thing most people don't know about you?
What is something that people think is impossible, but you discovered it was real anyway?
How would you choose to be remembered after you die?
If you owned an ice business, what would it be called?
What do you expect to accomplish with your life?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
Is this good practice? If so, why?
What was your biggest mistake?
What's one secret that you have never told anyone before?
What was the most annoying habit that all your friends had?
If you knew you were going to die in one hour and could do anything in the world, what would it be?
Who is a local hero that you personally know?
What is the ranking of people within your family unit and what hierarchy are they in? Do you love being around kids and family more than anything? What was cool about being around them and why do you love doing such?
Who are you when you're alone?
What would you do with $1 billion?
How bold can you be and still stay in your seat?
What's something you're basically oalition of nkorea, but are crucial to South Korea?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don’t appreciate or notice?
If you could live in any time period, which would you choose, and why?
What would you change about your neighborhood?
Are there any foods or drinks you really hate? Anything that makes you gag or not eat and feel terrible?
What was the most annoying habit/routine someone had when you were dating?
What do you think hot dates should definitely get into?
What is the biggest feel good click on a daily basis?
When were you the most happy?
Which place would be your dream to visit for a day?
What is something you can't do but were very good at? Does your current abilities help you become the person you are?
Do people have luck when it comes to love?
What do you think is the single best piece of advice someone has ever given you?
describe yourself with just one word.
What's something you worry about?
If your body and mind were to once dissapear, what thing in the universe do you wish most to be part of?
If you werestranded on a desert island, could you go get all the food and supplies at once, or would you be happier getting them as you needed them one at a time?
What is the most annoying thing that I do?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have done?
In what situation do you feel most out of place?
What movie most surprised you?
What do you think your greatest challenges in life have been?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
Where is the worst place you’ve ever been?
Do you know your calling? Do you know where the soul speaks?
When do you feel alive and when not?
If you could have dinner with one famous person from history, what would you choose and why?
Which movie director do you dislike the most and why?
What is your most impressive accomplishment?
In your five-word story, what does the last word that you want to come next to be?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
Hey everyone, current city/residence:&quot;Blending reality with fiction and make monsters as reality object.
If you could be absolutely certain that you would never be sad or bored for the rest of your life, what would you do right now?
What is your best talent that you are not aware of?
What is a movie that you would recommend I watch?
What was the best thing that happened to your life this week?
Who was the most interesting person you ever met?
If you could take 1 day off in the next (10-20-30 years) and why?
If you could fly, where would you go?
What is something you've always amazed yourself with?
What is something you feel would have great impact for a lot of people?
What city would you love to travel to for your dream honeymoon?
Would you rather be a Sumo wrestler or paratrooper in your next life?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
What is your idea of a quiet night?
What is your best guess for what would happen if the universe suddenly stopped spinning on its axis?
If you could talk to someone from history who would it be and what would you talk about?
What do you wish you knew from a young age?
What is the hardest thing you've ever done?
What are your goals for the next 20 years?
What is your philosophy of life?
What is the most quote that has stuck with you throughout your life?
Is there a particular story that comes to mind when you think of a great example of being tough on standards and kind with people?
What can youspire to in life that would make your life worthwhile?
Do you think your parents will live to be 100%?
What are things you would hope to improve in any aspect of your life?
What are you waiting for in your life?
What are your hopes and dreams, both short and long term?
What is the book that had the biggest impact on you?
What's your favorite book and/or movie, on which it was based?
What was the last book you read for fun?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
When was the last time you saw something you didn't expect?
If you werestranded on a desert island for two days and you could only bring five things (besides your clothes and a jacket) what would they be?
What is something positive about being single?
What music accompanies your life at the darkest hours of the night?
What makes you sad and why? And how do you deal with it?
describe how your mother/father made you feel growing?
Does music have a deeper meaning to you?
Have you ever had an paranormal experience?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
Who are you in a group meeting or if you could be in a group meeting with just one person that's walking around the room? Who would this person be?
If you had one week off every year, what would you spend it doing?
Do you have an imaginary friend?
What is something you feel like people either take for granted or don't notice about the things we build?
How do you decide when to help someone? What thought goes through your head?
What's the best piece of advice someone has given you?
If you could be a movie character, what would your life be like?
How do you know if a person is good or evil?
What are your thoughts on the best mental processes and tools to conduct in order to help acquire knowledge and share knowledge?
What is something that most people don't understand about you?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
What are you wondering about?"
How do you learn something that interests you?
What do they teach in schools nowadays? Are they necessary?
What's something interesting about you that people don't notice?
How important is it to do things that are worthwhile and make a mark on the world?
What happens in the sky when night falls?
What is one thing you always hope you’ll find in 2012?
Who is your hero and how do you know them?
What is a word that you really like and why?
Are you afraid if living forever meanssacrificing your current interests and passions just so they won't get old along with yourself? Do you find it hard thinking about giving up some things just so they won't get old while having everything else remain new forever?
How would you improve (insert topic) in your local community?
What's your biggest regret in life?
What was your last image beautifully silly moment?
What would a perfect day for you look like to others?
Is there something that you are not sure about?
What is the most expensive thing you own?
What book, movie, or game would you recommend and why?
If you could be famous, famous for what?
Which fate do you think you better, being known as: a coward oraloof and distant.
If a movie was made about your life, who would play the role of you, and why?
What are some of the best experiences and made memories of your life?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What music? Or book or movie do you like? That’s more popular now and had negligible impact today?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
I know it's cliche, but what is a point that you think absolutely everyone should take from this interview?
What is the best thing that happened to you today?
What do you like most about your job?
Why did you decide to do what you are doing with your life?
What do you do when you are alone?
How do you try to learn new things? Writing, reading, or both?
Do you have any programming goals to learn or skills to learn in the next year?
Do you have a hobby that few people know about?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
What would your dying wish be (and why?)?
What did you do for your last birthday?
How did you decide what to do in life?
What is something in the world that you feel makes people unfair?
What are you curious about?
What is something you would never do again, no matter how much you like it?
What is a puzzle that really stumped you but then you solved it? What did you learn from it?
There are people who talk about you behind your back.
How many books do you think you can read off the shelf within a month if you could only read during your lunch breaks?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
What is a meaning to you in life?
How do you express joy when you experience a lot of positive energy?
What is your spirit animal?
What do you think is the best way to learn programming or technology?
If you could have any animal as your pet, what would it be, and why?
Are there changes that need to be made to our society or that we should stop thinking about?
If there was a book written that could answer any question you had, it would be called the Book of Life. if you could only read 3 pages from it, what would they be?
What is one thing you actually need more of in life?
If you could be absolutely certain of something, what would it be?
What do you think makes people who they are?
If you only had the next seven days to live, what would you do with it?
Do you think this is cool?
What is something you feel is missing in life and could make your life a little better?
What gives you peace, fulfillment, and peace?
If you could become invisible, what would you do (as a super heroes?)?
If you were about to be put front of your peers for judgment, would you stick to the truth, even if it called you a liar?
What is a great book that you have read or consumed in some other way?
What is something interesting that you picked up while talking to someone else recently?
What is something you did when you were younger, that for most would be seen as "cute" or "old-fashioned", but that you do not at all identify with those traits now?
If you could spend an afternoon with anyone in history, who would it be?
What's the most amazing thing you have ever seen?
What would you get on the web or amazon for $1,000, and why? Why would it cost in real life?
What's something fun you do?
What are you passionate about?
How would you describe yourself in one sentence?
If your life became the musical or movie of the same name, which actor/actress would you want to play you?
What kinds of things do you look for in a person?
What is something that you are very good at?
How would you describe yourself?
What would you most like to see?
What do you think is the most important fact about the moon, and we will probably never know for sure? But it's still believed to have an effect on many things like tides, weather and even grass.
If you could visit a place that exists only in your imagination, where would you go?
Are you more self-conscious or aware of others' perceptions of you or how you come across to others?
What are you most amazing at?
What if we can't possibly be living in a computer simulation?
What is your favorite way to cheer up a friend?
Who is the most inspiring person you know?
What is a moment in your life when you felt like a complete failure?
What is the most convicted sin in your life?
Name three things that you and your partner have in common.
Here is the grand question: Does everyone around you know something about yourself that you find difficult to reveal?
What is one of your favorite things about your job or hobby / lifestyle?
Why are you who you are?
What is one good thing people who have lived before 2000 have brought to modern times?
If you could write a book about one person, dead or alive, who would it be?
Where do you see businesses of the future?
If you gave yourself a job title, what would it be?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
If you spent a year teaching everyone else, however, you wish to teach, who would you hope comes to your class?
What are you feeling anxious about?Now?
What happened to you that proves our actions are more important than what others perceive of us?
If you had one permanent injury to your body, what would it be and why?
What is the first thing people notice when you are meeting them?
What would you do if there was no financial regulation on financial instruments or credit cards and savings? Comment you plan of action?
Would you rather be stuck in the woods and (fill in the blank)? Or be stuck in a cave with (fill in the blank)?
Have you ever felt that because you were in a different place than most people (or maybe led a different lifestyle) that you were out of touch with what was happening to most people?
Is there someone you admire?
Name some amazing people.
Anyone in infant school know how anybody in junior school?
What is the greatest gift that has been given to you?
Who was your childhood hero?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
Can you teach me one interesting fact or a trick?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
If you had to eat one food everyday for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
To what extent is a person's happiness dependent on others?
When you think about your life, where does most of your time go?
How do you feel about online dating?
When was the last time you drew or painted?
What would you get if you were a fashion designer and visited a country (or vice-versa)?
How would you describe your normal day?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
When would you want to die and how?
What is something you've been meaning to do but haven't done it yet?
How often do you fantasize about your next project that you want to create?
Where do you get your news and information from these days? What media do you consume?
What is the scariest thing ever happened to you?
What happened that you didn't expect to happen and how did it change your life?
If you had to come back to this world as one animal, which one would it be?
If you could change your life in one way, what would need to change? How would you do it? What do you think this change will do to your life?
What is something that has been a huge pain in your life?
What's the strangest thing you've seen happen or experienced?
Do you try to see the good in life? What is a current or recent highlight of your day?
What animal would you most like to have as a pet and why?
What did you do on your last vacation?
What is the best way of defining our time at work?
What do you know now that you wish you knew at 21 years old?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
What are you most looking forward to this week?
What song best describes your life right now?
What are you up to this weekend?
If you wanted to share something, what would you want to share?
How do you think people should spend there time and money?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
What Fighters on the UFC interest you?
How often do you feel lonely? And how do you know?
What is one of the most frustrating experiences of your life so far? How did you deal with it?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
Have you ever felt like defining yourself was just a way to hide from something that was making you unhappy?
What's the biggest secret you look for in a friendship?
If you could choose to not feel anything for a day, what would you choose?
What is the most predicted disaster that will happen in each century?
Which country do you want to travel to?
What was the most challenging project you've ever taken on?
Who is someone you secretly envy for their more positive traits?
What's the best way to undertake a significant life changing endeavor for the first time, and know you did it because of your own power and not because of outside influences?
What is your favorite holiday and what do you do to celebrate?
What habit has improved your life at least 5 years in the long run?
What happens when you eat and how does that effect you?
What is the best joke you know?
What is money to you now?" You just entered a new country or met a new person. What do you think about them and the city?
Have you recently seen an anomaly that you want to clarify?
What do you want to do before you die?
What are you best physically, mentally and emotionally at?
What are your favorite movies ///shows in your genre of choice?
How do you decide who to vote in an election?
Who would you invite to a six-course meal &&quot; who wouldn't come?
In only one word, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
What is a good joke that you know?
Do you have any fears that aren't ground in reality or the stories of others?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What did you dream about last night?
What would you do if you had no fear of money?
What's the biggest danger in your life right now?
What's the best way to talk about feelings or your life?
What is a book that has remained relevant to the course of your life many years after you read it?
What is something you find interesting?
What is one of the most painful experiences you've ever had?
What would you do if you only had 24 hours left to live?
(The White Walker where it all began) Who taught little Gilly a final lesson after she refused to send her brothers to join Jon on his quest?
If you would not have been pregnant, who would be the father of the child you are currently carrying?
What do you think is your greatest talent or gift?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
What is the best icebreaker?
What's the most inspiring conversation you've had recently?
What is something most people don't know about you (and it's not some juicy secret?)?
What is one specific surprise that has made you smile recently?
What's the weirdest conversation you've witnessed recently?
Name three things you and your partner have in common.
What is something your friends think is kind of weird about you, but you actually quite enjoy?
If alienslanded and you could teach them one thing about the planet Earth, what would it be?
What is one goal in your life that makes you most proud?
What's something smart you learned from your parents?
Did you always know how you were going to come out of a bad situation or did you think of many possible ways it could happen?
What would you do if you received a dollar every single day for the rest of your life, but when you spend money they all turn into quarters? These are only coins - there's no one carrying them around. You can keep what ever amount of money you earn each day in a different pocket or bag and still not have any together.
What do your family and friends think you get up to when you go out?
How will the world better in the future?
Do you have an important life lesson with a good example and bad example mixed in the same story? If so, what is it?
What made you decide to choose your particular career path?
What is your best piece of advice for your younger self?
Who do you wish could respond to an email, but has no way of doing it?
What was the worst or best thing that happened to you this year?
Is there someone you still contact every now and again with the help of the telephone call that you would never want to talk to in person?
What's one thing people don't know about you that would surprise them?
What is the greatest place in earth that you have ever been to?
What animal would you most like to be, and why?
If you could be absolutely certain of something, what would it be?
How do you make important life decisions?
What are you most proud of?
What are you working on currently?
How do you make important life decisions?
What do you think is the single best piece of advice someone has ever given you?
Who or what is the most annoying thing you know?
What is the greatest misperception you have about your work that you'd like to dispel?
Is there any advice you have for someone who has only known private school and grow up with a very well off family than your friends?
Who is one person that you look up to and admire?
Who are you and why should we be interested in hearing more about you?
If you could bring back one lost custom, what would it be?
What do you do to each day?
If you could have a conversation with anyone from history, who would it be?
What's the best piece of advice you've been given?
What is something you and your partner have in common?
What is one thing that would make life patterns of nearly everyone the same for better or worse?
What one thing would you like to change about yourself, but never let anyone find?
Would you rather be immortal or always remember the date that you died?
What happens when you ask your best friend how the weather is and they don't know?
Which city would you want to live in if you could travel the world?
Who are the most interesting people you know?
What's something you bought recently and absolutely love?
What's your favorite movie genre (horror, fantasy, detective, etc.)?
What are things that are important for us to bring to a current age?
What is something you don't normally like, but for some reason you've been drawn to recently?
Where do you want to go to actually survive the Zombie (Apocalypse?
What's the best piece of extreme weather that you have experienced?
What is the meaning of life?
So you flip a coin 360 times. What are the odds it will be heads all those times?
What was your funniest moment at school orcollege?
If you could have a conversation with anyone in history, who would it be?
Who was harder to work with, the Great Gatsby, Jay Gatsby, or Batman who was obsessed with Bruce Wayne?
What was the last movie you went to in a theater?
Have you ever made a historic, heroic mistake that you think can never be fixed?
When and where was the most stressful time in your life?
If you could eat only one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is something you've done in your life, activity or study that was harder than the average person, but right now you seem to take it for granted?
Imagine that you’re trapped in a room for 24 hours with your favorite idol (only one question please), who would that be and what would you do with their time?
Have you ever thought that your life was going to turn out differently, and if so what did it look like?
How do you get over a broken heart?
How many remote desks do you have [for work and remote life]?
Who did you really have a connection with as a child?
Does anyone really "reset" their passwords?
What would you do if youwoke one day and what was the first thing that you would think of?
What is one thing you wish people knew about your work life?
What is something you didn’t think was possible and you are now doing it routinely?
Have you ever been called out for being insensitive or ajerk on social media? If so, what do you do?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
What are you passionate about? What are things that always make you feel alive?
What are the things that make you feel alive?
What's the best piece of advice that you can give to yourself?
What do you wish people knew about you that they don't?
What was your first intended career path, what happened and where did you end up?
Are you afraid if living forever meanssacrificing your current interests and passions just so they won't get old along with yourself? Do you find it hard thinking about giving up some things just so they won't get old while having everything else remain new forever?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your city/country?
Do you believe in fate? What is fate to you?
What would be something random if you saw it in someone else's social media profile? What'd they be doing?
What's your favorite line from a song?
Name some things you're frustrated with when thinking of the parties in our state.
How would you describe how you see yourself after 30 years?
What does chocolate mean to you?
What is the last thing you learned and how did you come about learning that?
What is the most education you have had?
What do you want to be when you grow?
What is the biggest cheese to move in the world?
What was the first song you remember hearing?
Is there something that you are not sure about?
What is the strangest thing that you can think of that didn't make it on to this list? Please feel free to make lists on the spot (and share them with us too!)! That's so much better than I could even pretend to try making up numbers!
Say you'restranded alone on an island which edge do you choose? : East, West, or South?
Do you believe hackers are skilled or not?
Have you tried Crossfit?
What is the oldest impressed event you remember?
Did you goof up today?
If you could have any ability, what would it be?
What is the most valuable thing you own?
Which movie do you love meeting people who like and enjoy? Also, who movie do you not know about that you can try out in the near future?
How would you explain the difference between everyday bias and prejudices?
What was something you wanted to be when you grown up but changed your mind?
If you could read only one book for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Do you consider yourself a predator, prey or neither?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
What aesthetic elements do you love?
What's wrong with a little bad, they just sound so good!
What are you passionate about?
Do you prefer modern or ancient movies?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
What happens when you least expect it?
What would “workout” look like to you, if you had it, your way (ideally working out of bed, with home equipment) and using the time to relax while working out.
For you to go with your answer that you just gave me, what is a follow-up question I should ask you on our next date?
Is there something that you think is fundamentally wrong with the way things work right now?
What are your favorite old memories?
What is your favorite color and why?
Talk about your research and what inspired you to come up with this idea.
If you could ask the president of the United States one question what would it be?
I ain't sure I know this, but what's your favorite Disney movie?
Which fictional character do you most identify with?
Share a peak at what you are reading right now? Is it fiction or nonfiction?
apparently we have time travelers in 2018. Has anyone even seen one?
How can implicit bias or discrimination affect people negatively in our industry and what would you do to overcome?
If you could have a conversation with someone famous, who would it be?
What's the best thing to have on a first date?
What was/is your favorite subject in school?
What are you thinking about?"
If you could teach your younger self one thing from your experience, what would it be?
What is the situation you’re most jealous of?
What is one thing you do that you don't enjoy?
Would you rather never lose the ones you love or never know who they were?
If you had to choose one thing that is relevant to everyone, what would it be?
What is something you are really good at, but most people don't appreciate or notice?
What's the weirdest thing you have done?
What is one of your biggest pet peeves?
Customers cheerfully abandon online supports early? &quot;Second: They fall in love with them and if they eventually leave, it can only be because it felt "too good to be true."
What is something you really love?
What’s the last thing you watched a movie or read a book or listened to an album that gave you chills?
What is a good joke that you know?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
Have you ever been underwater?
What was your favorite video game when you were young?
If you could choose one thing you are great at and one thing you are not--what would those be?
Do you agree with gay marriage?
What do you hope to see in other people that makes them a good traveling companion?
If you were teaching a class how should your lesson plan look like?
What is something bugs you and why?
What's something you love to do?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would that be, and why?
What is something you and your partner don't agree on?
What actions are you currently taking to help yourself at this moment?
What do you think is the most unrealistic movie scene from a book adaptation you've ever seen?
Which would you be more motivated to work towards if one was a goal of Einstein's and the other was a goal of Bill Gates's?
If you could read only one book for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What kind of music do you like to listen to?
Who do you think would make the best president of the United States?
Say you were on Dandi with someone else (an imaginary person) for 90 minutes and you can't remember anything about them except for one taste choice.
Which fictional character do you most identify with and why?
Did you ever do something that was just out of this world and how did it happen?
Have you ever thought that your life was going to turn out differently, and if so what did it look like?
What is one thing you would like to be remembered for?
What is an old lesson you wish you could live?
What was the stupidest thing you've ever done?
What is your opinion about people who fake it?
What famous, living person would you like to have dinner with, and why?
Do you think death is beautiful or meaningless?
What are you proud of in your life?
If you could realize any philosophical ideal, what would it be?
Do you consider intelligence an important quality to have?
What happens to you when your body dies?
Which famous person was your idol?
If you were to teach a course, what would it be about?
What's something people don't believe about you?
You're stuck on an island with a perfect tree house tree, located exactly where the tree house would be, so no one would notice if there was a tree house inside. You can't see it from where you are below. But someone else who's also stuck on this island with you can see it. But they can't reach it and can't tell if there's anything inside or not.
If you changed one thing in the world to make everyone's life better, what would it be?
What do you do in the bathroom and how often do you think about that when going?
What animal would look the worst if it had human hats?
What is one of my favorite movies that I haven't seen in years?
What has been your favorite programming language?
What would your dream lifetail?
What is a good joke that you know?
What would you do or create if you didn't have to worry about money?
If a movie was made about your life, who would play the role of you, and why?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
What books, movies, or certain types of media make your mind go, "That's genius!"
What is the most efficient thing to do while at a stoplight?
What is your suggestion to improve the city you currently reside?
What was your best holiday/vacation ever?
What is your favorite opinion?
Who are the most overlooked performers in history?
What would you be if you weren't a engineer?
What kinds of things do you look for in a person?
Saint Thomas More, e.g., Holy Warrior, Philosopher, Man of His Time versus Charles Darwin and Nikola Tesla, both great creationists, among many other adjectives?
Science fiction has some of the shaking social questions of our time, too.
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
Who was the most interesting person you met today?
What has been your biggest blow?
If you were to disappear and come back six months later, how much money (if any) would entrances into your life by others be worth?
If you could ask a science question that has not yet been asked and then answer it, what would the question be?
What are you most grateful for in your life?
What is the most unique thing about you?
What was thehapst day of your life?
Does a desire to explore the unknown excite you? Why or why not?
Do you have a drug-free/abstinence-based recovery policy?
When was a time when you felt really confused, because everything was making so much sense?
What is something most people don't know about you (and it's not some juicy secret?)?
What happened to you today that made you smile and feel good?
When you think about yourself as a parent, what is the kind of father you will be?
What is your favorite place to visit?
Do you prefer modern, old, or Celtic literature?
What is your favorite civic duty?
What are the five best books you've ever read?
What are the most important health routines that you have on daily basis?
What is something you would be too ashamed to tell your parents if they ever asked?
What is the last thing that made you smile?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
How could you make computers better?" in a way that people will actually want to use them?
What are your best morning routines?
What do you love most about your age? What is your worst trait?
Risk is the biggest obstacle for success. Can you think of an example that you took a risk but it going to pay off something? If so, what happened?
What is an idea you have that you haven't done or tried in life?
What do you think is the single best piece of advice someone has ever given you?
Whom are you closest to in terms of personality and achievements, who do you picture yourself as close to?
What's the most difficult thing you've ever done?
When was the last time you were completely shocked?
Iflava fell from the sky, would you stop for it or just walk on by?
What is something you wish you could tell everyone?
If you're job is so government connected that it delivers internationally, what does it consist of?
What is the weirdest sexual request you have ever received?
If you only needed to sleep for one hour ever day, what would that hour be?
What do you think is the single best piece of advice someone has ever given you?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What is the most amazing performance or incredible feat that you remember in a match?
Which game, broadcast or team would you like to be a part of aside from being a fan?
How do you make important life decisions?
How do you usually have analysis free time?
What's something you're looking forward in the next year?
How did you find the name of yourtory character?
What was your biggest mistake?
Where would you rather be from?
Which thing you eat do you find disgusting (from how it looks and how it smells to the way it tasted?)?
In your (or someone else's) lifetime, will humanity or life on Earth ever be solved in a way that you or anyone can be truly happy forever?
What's the most amazing or painful thing you've ever done?
What do you roll your eyes at the most?
What do you know that no one else knows and will change your life in the future once you believe it?
What did you value most when growing?
What was one of your proudest career accomplishments?
What is something that you have thought would be considered one of your greatest accomplishments (uccessful?)?
What's the most unusual conversation you've ever had?
What would you do if you knew you could never fail?
If you knew that in one year your best friend will die from a tragic car accident, what would you do to make the most of the rest of your time with your friend?
What did you have for breakfast today?
What is the best thing that happened to you last week/month/year etc.?
What piece of art, picture, film have you recently finished watching?
What are you most excited about?
What life experience would you want to share with your children? Or leave for your kids to figure out on their own?
describe a time when you apologize and why.
What are your thoughts on religion, God, or spirituality?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What kinds of things do you look for in a person?
If a movie was made about your childhood, who do you think would be played you?
If all people had the same body, who would you want to be?
What would you like to do for a career?
What would you do if you only had 3 hours left to live andassuming knowledge is one of the ways to stay alive?
What do you do for your hobby or interest?
What things do you judge people on?
What is your favorite show?
What is the best thing that happened to you in the last week?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
If you could travel back in time, when would it be, and why?
What is your favorite thing to cook?
What's your favorite novel that someone as made?
Where would be a good place to take someone for the first date?
Which fictional character do you wish was real?
Who is a political figure you admire the most?
What are you looking forward to learning this year?
What was the worst job you ever had?
What qualities make a great life partner/friend/parent?
What was your favorite show as a kid?
In just one word, what do you believe about spirituality?
What would be your perfect date night with the one you love?
What is a philosophy that has influenced you?
What books, if you had one life, would you want to read?
How would you describe your style and humor?
If you haven't been able to do something for a while due to an injury, do you try to rebust yourself anyway and what's the result?
How do you feel when people text you while you are doing homework?
Name some things that you and your partner have in common.
Is there a book, movie, or TV series that you feel like everyone should watch at least once?
What's your greatest professional failure and how do you stand beside it?
What's the best piece of advice you've ever been given?
What is something you have experience doing that you think very few people could do?
What is something most people take for granted but has a deeper meaning to you?
What do you love about your job? What's the worst part of it? What are your goals for this year and next?
What is one thing you would never think of telling someone else?
What's your favorite song from a band, artist, or an album?
What has made you question a long held belief?
What is something you're looking forward in the next few days?
What are some of your favorite hobbies?
What is something you love, but know that few people love in the same way.
What makes you laugh the most during clean up at the campsite?
What tv show could go on forever without ever getting boring?
What is the best thing that happened to you today, range from very simple all the way to amazing?
What word do you keep using, although you don't really know what it means (think and objects).
What did you want to be when you grow?
What is an interesting fact that people probably don't know about you?
What do you hope to see in other people that makes them a good traveling companion?
What stories do you or have you taken part in that you know of, but do not get recorded?
When was the last time you felt you had a new lease on life? When was the last time you felt like a chain-smoking zombie?
What is your go to answer for phone/online purchase complaints?
What is one thing you need help?
Which British author is your favorite?
What are your thoughts before bed?
Tell me about a time when someone you trusted let you down.
What is something that really bugs you, but you don't speak about it?
How is it then to be a leader if you're also part of a team?
Whathit do you still regret doing most of the time?
If you could teach someone something, what would it be? — and why?
Briefly describe your current place of residence.
Are you scared of making the wrong decisions for fear of being an imposter?
What is the biggest pain in your neck?
What inspired you to join this community?
What is something you can't live without?
I'm really hungry. So what do you suggest we eat?"
If you could go back in time, where would you travel, and why?
How do you know when you're ready for a relationship?
What was the most amazing thing that happened to you today?
Do you think your life ended when you were 18? And if not, what do you think will happen to you in five years?
Have you ever tried to start over in life from scratch?
What will the human race look like in a thousand years?
I think Islept the last time I was well. If so, when was it? What happened?
What did you put first in your interests when filling out one of these question forms? i.e., what is your true passion?
What are you truly afraid of?
What would you do if you were rich?
Who has seen you eating/doing/having fun and thought:
What is your favorite magazine?
What is the worst thing that happened to you, and what did you learn from it?
What has been the most recent time that you thought about the notion of mortality?
What are you going to buy when you retire?
What does your soul look like?
If you had to change your name one more time, what would your new name be and why (step away from the log ).
How would you feel if your program of choice to apply for university is not fullfilled and another university offers you a spot? What do you think will happen?
If you could help a struggling student by answering one question once, what would the question be?
What is something you're interested in that isn't on this list?
What do you think the most interesting question has to be?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you?
What is something many people take for granted?
What is your favorite food and how do you like it prepared?
What's the best way to make money?
What is the hidden meaning of life?
Can you think of what friends you shared a deep conversation about with your best friend?
Look around your current room for 1 minute.
What is something you've always wanted to learn, but haven't had the opportunity?
What is one thing you do that you never want anyone to know about?
What is the strangest dream you’ve had?
What insane experiments did you try as a kid?
What is something you've done to others in a past life that you'd like to make up for today?
What changed your life most recently?
What is your favorite pollster (/public opinion company)?
What is something you wish you had said earlier?
Who inspires you and why?
Have you ever seen your life flash before your eyes?
What do you hope to see in other people that makes them a good traveling companion?
Where would be your dream private island?
If you could change anything about yourself, what would you change and why would you do it?
What is the best way to get over a break up?
What do you suck at debugging? '' Because you sure do love debugging.
What's the best thing about having a lover?
What’s the importance of joy in your life?
If you could use your power of invisibility, who would you sneak a peak at?
What is//was your favorite TV show as a child?
What are you interested in learning about most?"
Where is a place that you have been?
Can you think of a time when you are forced to lie, even if it’s for the best reason? if so, how was that situation handled?
If you could write a future history book, what one year would you pick to write about?
What's your first memory?
What do you make at work?
Would you rather write lots of books or are there just lots of people who write? What is better?
How would you describe your perspective of reality?
Give me a funny story.
Who inspires you the most, and why?
What is your go to activity with no electronics involved?
What is a philosophy that you live by?
What would you do with $1 million USD?
Where would you like to live in the world, if given the choice?
What is the first thing you do when you wake up?
If you could change one permanent characteristic of your body, what would it be?
Who was your childhood hero?
Have you ever wanted to change lives of others on a large scale? What would it take for you to do this?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about your life? What what changes?
Have you ever read a book and had it change your life?
What's your middle name?
What is a workout that you have done?
What books would you like to read if you were stuck on a desert island for a month?
Have you never been in an elevator and started wondering if you would ever see the light of the observation deck again?
What did you want to be when you were growing?
If you could change one thing about our society, what would it be?
What did you fantasize about in high school or junior high?
If you had to convince someone of something human as old as yourself, what simplepremise would you start with?
What's your favorite city you've traveled to? What makes it so great?
Do you believe in fortune telling?
If you could master one skill without fail, what skill would you choose to learn?
When was something good that happened to you but at the time it felt like terrible thoughts?
What is your life goal?
What is a kind of wisdom beyond knowledge?
What was the best moment of your life? Why does it stick out in your mind?
If you couldonly speak one language for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
What are you most afraid of?
How do you know when a person is lying to you?
What was your favorite science class in high school?
If you were to get rid of one thing (that you own) what would that be?
What would you do if you have the power to talk to animals?
What would you do if you only had one week left to live?
If you had unlimited money, how would you use it?
Have you tried Ice roller for scars? If yes, how about it?
What are you most thankful for?
What are you most concerned about today?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What is the first song you're going to play now that you're alive?
Name some things that you feel are cool about the generation you grown in.
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
What do you hope to see in others that makes them a good traveling companion?
What's the best way you've got out of a ticket?
Yesterday I got rejected, on a scale of 1-10%, how badly do you think I should have got rejected?
The artist must start where awareness stops.
What is the best advice someone has given you recently?
What is something that you have done, that is proof you are a unique person.
What did you didn't do this weekend?
What kinds of things do you look for in a person?
Which city do you like the most?
What is something you've never done that was really interesting, successful, or creative?
If you could ask the president of the United States one question what would it be?
What things do you enjoy doing in your off time?
What have been some of your biggest accomplishments?
Which is more important, the name we are called by, or how we feel about ourselves? Why is that?
You only have a short time to live, but you could do anything you wanted if you came back to life after death.
What time of day do you like the best?
Desire is the start point of all achievement, not the satisfaction with what you have, but the demanding of what you do not yet possess.
What are all the jobs that you would have had if the option was available to you when you were younger?
If you could live in any time period, which would you choose?
What do you think about me? Do you like me?
What is the most horrible thing that has happened to you?
What is one thing in your life that you want to do before you die?
If you could have a conversation with anyone from history, who would it be?
If you could travel back in time, what place or time period would you most want to visit?
What did you learn in school that really made you understand something in a new way?
What is your favorite fictional tv show /// movie /// book // games?
If you could debate with one celebrity who would it be?
If you could change one thing in the world, what would it be?
What is the most amazing thing about humans that you have discovered?
How do you read books? Do you have a dedicated reading room or space?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What do you think about this question?
What do you wish people knew about your home town?
What inspired you to get your current job or career path?
You are locked in a room with a Tiger and you come up with one way to get out.
What is your opinion on peer-to- peer lending networks?
Who is the message that you wish you could coach each person in the room?
What is the most important thing that you need to accomplish before you die?
What's something you did recently that you could have done better?
What's the best way to get over a crush?
Who would you invite to your ideal dinner party and what would you talk about?
Are you excited or bored during the current conversations going on?
What is something you'd like to know more about?
When did you last make yourself smile?
Why are you single (or asl)?
What inspired you to get where you're at now?
What is your dream job, what would you like to be in the future?
What would you do if you knew and could spend unlimited money?
What's the first thing you reach for when in a new environment?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
What is something you do, but you know that it is irrational?
What are some good memories of who you thought you'd be when you were young?
What's something you'reinterested in right now?
What is a cognitive distortion?
What is something that terrified you?
What are the best wine pairings and descriptions from episodes of the Great British Baking Show that make you hungry?
Make a wager with another person in the room. The wager can be anything you want, and it can be asmeasurable or ambiguous as you want.
What is something that went absolutely wrong and you have no idea why?
What is one of your proudest accomplishments?
Travelers often wish they could travel through time or change the outcome of a particular decision. Why do you think we cannot travel through time and why is it important that our decisions are unchanged?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
If you could change one thing about the world, what change would you make?
How was your first kiss like?
What do you think is the greatest gift that has been given to you?
What is one of the coolest things that you have ever experienced?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live and why?
If you had a time machine, would you abuse it?
What would you do and wear on a really cold day?
If you could fly, which direction would you go, and why?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
If you could have an endless supply of either one thing which would it be?
If all your clothes was made fromworms or from alpaca, which one you would prefer?
What was the most recent good thing that happened to you?
What is one book you're planning on reading?
How often do you dance nonstop for an hour?
Difference Between everyday and almost despair?
What is a recipe that you love making?
What is the most annoying thing your second favorite, sister/cousin//step-sibling, seems to do?
What are your colleagues, career/job preferences/goals?
If you could go back 7 years in your life, what would you do differently?
What brand and style is your first pair of shoes?
What’s the single best piece of advice someone has given you?
Out of the few things your name could be considered, either a color, animal, or mineral, what one comes closest to describing you right now?
What has been the most awkward thing you've experienced in your life up to now?
What do you think is the best thing about your nation, culture, or city?
If you could go back in time, what period would it be, and who would you want to be?
Would you enjoy life more if your primary means of earning a living was to be in show business?
What's your go to activity with no electronics involved?
What are you doing to make the world a better place?
What is your favorite holiday?
What's something you really wish you knew, even if you knew it, but don't?
If a movie was made about your life, who would play you and why?
What is your greatest success story?
If something was driving you insane, but it gave you the strength to live in such a way that it would make all of your dreams possible, could you do it? If so, what would the price be for having doing it?
If winning the lottery meant doing something illegal, would you still play?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
What is the worst effect of social media on your life?
What would you do if you had 24 hours to live?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
What do you think is the greatest mistake humans can make?
What was the mosthugs you've given?
What's something most poeple would be surprised to learn about you?
What are you looking forward?
What is something you never understood about life, but sure found about it when you were in high school?
What has been your biggest professional error?
What's your biggest turn-on?
Have you ever had a dream you had troublewaking from?
What do you like most about living in this city? Tell me something you like about each neighborhood?
Who would you never want to see on the cover of us Weekly?
What do you think is the most difficult thing you are capable of doing?
What is the last song you heard on spotify?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
What do you believe is the best in life? What brings you joy and happiness?
When was a time when things didn't go your way, but you couldn't help but laugh about it anyway?
Where do you believe the hole in your heart is located?
What's something that people find odd about you?
What is a skill you dismiss the importance of, but wish others didn't?
What is the most amazing thing you experienced in your life so far?
Are you a good tipper?
What is a good joke that you know?
Do you reach for the stars or do you settle for enough?
What kind of person are you when you are your true self?
What could you do today that would improve the way you live your life tomorrow?
Name three things you and your partner have in common.
What are the most unexpected things that are common between you and the person you currently like?
What's your favorite game to play on a rainy day?
Which city would be the worst place to live in?
If you could have any animal, who would you want it to be, and why?
What do you wish people spent more or less time on?
What was the last book or author that you read an integrated the concepts of phonics and/or sight in such a novel way that most other authors seem not to be able to address?
If you a king /// queen what kind of kingdom would it be?
What are some of the most obvious things that people do to get on one's nerves?
Is there something that you are really bad at doing?
If you could give yourself a nickname that was unique to you, what do you choose?
What made you laugh today?
Have you ever wanted to become a musician regardless of your talents or whether it would be practical in the end?
At the end of a hard day, what makes you reflective or gets to wonder about humanity?
Is there a particular story that comes to mind when you think of a great example of being tough on standards and kind with people?
What do you think about Astrology?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What would you consider your main character flaw as a person?
What did you do over vacation?
If given $2000 and told you could triple your money or quadruple, who would you pick and why? Why not?
How are you proud of yourself?
How do you see yourself adding value to an organization or community that you are a part of?
Tell me about something you've contributed to that you're really proud of.
What would the most important part of the next leap forward have to do with to the world?
Have you ever been addicted to anything? If so, what?
Are you the kid who likes Saturday school or only Mondays? How has that been an advantage or a disadvantage so far?
What advice would you give?
What do you like to talk about with people you just met?
How did you add value to a company or organization during a project?
What's your best skill?
What is most important for a marriage to work?
Are you the kind of person that loves to take chances or args for latest fads and trends or do you just stick with what works for you?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
How would you want to be remembered?
What students could teach your professionals?
If you were trapped on a desert island, what is the one book that would have to be with you?
describe the meaning of life.
What is the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?
What is the easiest thing that could improve your current job or profession?
How do you intend to live the next 100 years?
Tell me about your favorite memory from travel.
What is the worst gift you’ve ever given someone?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What do you think is cool?
Where do you most want to travel to?
What is something you think should be illegal?
What are some effects of technology in our society? How is that relation to humans and to nature?
If you could ask God or technique of your choice to provide an automatic win in the next nationally televised game between an animal and a human player, what would that game be?
What's your favorite thing about being a man or woman?
What is one thing you have changed or changed from how it originally was?
What is the craziest thing that ever happened to you?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
Who are the most overlooked performers in history?
What is a book about your life or about yourself?
How do you add small shocks in your daily basis?
What are some of the most valuable lessons you've learned in the last 2 years?
What would you do if you only had one week to live?
What would you have me ask you about your holidays?
If no one could see you, what would you do?
Do you picture a particular thing when you think about yourself?
I ate biriyani during this whole week?
What cognitive biases would you like to learn about?
What is something that you should have said in a previous job but never did?
What would you define as a good life?
How would you define life?
What is one thing you never notice until it's pointed out to you in signs?
Who is someone you aim to be like?
What's your favorite social platform to use and why?
What is one of the most delicate and precious things that you own?
What would most likely result in your death and have you not lived at all?
Are you afraid if living forever meanssacrificing your current interests and passions just so they won't get old along with yourself? Do you find it hard thinking about giving up some things just so they won't get old while having everything else remain new forever?
What kind of activities do you enjoy?
What do you think the most amazing thing in the world is?
What pizza restaurant is least likely to get shut down due to health violations, and why?
What food have you had the least "good" seconds and most "full"?
What books have you read recently and recommend?
What happens if you fail to complete a hidden mission?
What is one piece of advice you want to share with your younger self?
When was the last time you learned something new?
describe what you do in three words.
What's something uncommon or strange about you?
What would you do if you wanted to quit your job, but it paid for you and your family forever?
What are your opinions on the free will?
Name one way to approach indoor wiring and tell me why is it the best way?
How do you define the word bitch?
What song will you forever associate with a certain time or place in your life?
If you could go back in time to meet someone in history, who would it be, and why?
What movie-related role could you play the best, and which character has been on your bucket list to play for quite some time?
How do you see yourself in 5 years?
What would you do if someone left a100,000 dollars on your car?
You have to briefly choose another person's viewpoint. What is something you disagree with them on?
What do you do in your free time?
What is one of your favorite things about this city or country that you currently live in?
How do you know if a person is good or evil?
Why do you want to be a developer?
If you could sleep forever or typewrite for eternity, which would you pick?
Have you ever looked at someone with crazy eyes and wanted to poke them in their eye?
What invention could absolutely change the entire course of humanity?
What is a talent you have that very few people know about?
If you could choose the way you die and where you die, would you have it be today, where you are now?
What are you most grateful for in life?
What's the best thing about having a lover?
What question do people ask you the most during interviews?
What is the best advice you ever got?
What has taken up a considerable amount of your time in the last few months? Any positive and negative effects?
What was the most amazing day of your life?
What movie turned out to be disappointing or better than you expected?
What fiction books do you know and how have they affected you?
What one thing would you do if you only had 24 hours to live?
What kind of books do you prefer?
What is the most important thing you learned in school?
You've been paid (((your rate of pay for a job)))))) (dollars/hour) by x-company. What do you expect to make next year or in 3 years?
What has you most excited recently at work or outside of it?
What is the most disgusting habit anyone has?
What keeps you up at night?
What do you want to know about the person sitting next to you?
What's something dramatic you've experienced in life that comes to mind right now, who was the cause and who was the effect?
What was your biggest mistake?
Name something that brings you joy that you share with others.
Where have you lived?
If you could influence anyone in the world to change their ways, who would it be?
define (sell) product/service;
What are you likely doing wrong in life?
If a movie was made about your life, who would play the role of you, and why?
If you could live in a different country, where would you live?
If you could know the true value of any wish, what would you wish for?
If you were air raid drills were simulation, how would that work?
What's something you're really interested in?
What words do you hate to hear?
What is a quote you like?
What is your favorite song, movie, book, TV show, or whatever you are into and why?
What's the worst thing about disney?
Name a time you were limited in what you could do for some reason (maybe illness, lack of resources etc.) but then your attitude changed and you ended up accomplishing something great.
What are some of the biggest mistakes you've made?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
Which historical figure do you find most interesting and why?
What do you do when you feel like hit, but you should probably stay home? You can either ask me a question or share something interesting about your practice?
What do you hope to learn about in your journey?
What would you rather do with your life over and over again if your choice never changed?
What's the biggest cynic in your life?
What's something you're good at, but everyone always picks on you for?
What are the most important lessons you've learned from failure, fear, and luck?
What is everyone’s most annoying trait in your opinion and why exactly that gets on your nerves the most?
What was one of the strangest things that ever happened to you?
What's something you’ve been really excited about lately that might surprise you?
If you could observe inside the brain of one person, who would it be?
What is a movie that you watched so many times that you know the dialogue by heart?
What music makes you happy?
If you live to 100%, do you want to be remembered as a great person or as the creator of something incredible?
Where do you like to go for vacations?
What is an interesting fact that few people know about you?
Are there anyrecurring feelings that cause anxiety for you?
What is the most interesting subject in school currently?
Are there any movies where the music is an important part of the tell? If so, and if you have time to watch a movie like that, what would it be?
What is the most interesting thing you have read lately?
Do you prefer modern or ancient books?
If you had limited time left on this planet, what would be the one thing you would continue doing?
What are you excited about these days?
What is one of your deepest truths?
Is there something that you think I can help you with?
If you could be any animal, what would you be, and why?
Who do you see in your future?
Would you rather be in jail or live on a remote tropical island that's almost alwaysinhabited and way off the news?
Have you ever felt like you were living in a different world than the people around you?
What is the luckiest thing that has happened to you, who was it with and where?
What do know about the universe that most people don't?
What subject have you always wanted to learn more about? Or is there a skill you would like to master?
Are there any activities or habits that make you feel good about yourself? Tell me more!
What do you long for but have never been capable of attaining?
What is a thing you learned through travel?
What's the most frustrating thing that's happened recently to you?
Do you play or have you played a musical instrument?
What would you do and say if you saw a stranded whale on the coast line?
Would you rather live in the mountains or a city?
What's the best thing that ever happened to you?
If you had to change your name, what is your full name?
Do you believe in signs? My mom believes that seeing a spider on your bed at night means someone is going to die. When you see a spider, that must mean someone is going to die because my mom sees it before whatever bad thing will happen.
Please take a few minutes to go to our web page and fill a short survey about how we can make what's on your screen better for you. http://www.you.herokuapp.com/survey.com/survey. Thanks - CityYou.
What is the worst single thing you've witnessed someone do to try to be successful?
Join me in the activity of giving 15minutes away from you. Come join me with a group of people and each person needs to bring her phone and open facebook and try to look that long as possible.
What is a good joke that you know?
What do you think is the most popular misconception that people have about your city?
What was the best book or movie you've ever read, seen or been to?
What did your parents teach you that really stuck with you?
Have you learned anything interesting lately?
What was the best day of you life and why?
What were one of the first things you remember?
If your dog could talk, what would be his advice on life?
What is your favorite nation or culture (by continent)?
What is the meaning behind your webmaster and Master of Wine Monitor?
If your house caught on fire and you could only grab five things, what would they be?
What is a question you have always wanted to ask a person with a beautiful face?
How realistic is that an immortal version of yourself would be like?
What is the craziest sunset you have seen?
Have you ever felt that time was flying away from you? If so, how did that feel like?
What is something you spend an extravagant amount of money on, but don't ever use or enjoy?
If you were told that all people that were once alive are now dead and their souls live on to haunt the earth, but you can ask them no questions about how they lived or what they lived for. How many generations would you want to communicate with?
What would be your definition?
What kinds of things do you find difficult to deal with?
Is the glass half full or half empty?
What do you wish you knew at 21 years old?
How would you improve (insert topic) in your local community?
If you were given $5 million for any reason (no strings attached), would you consider entering a candy-making competition?
Which movie-climax scene has had the biggest impact on you?
What would doctors eat for holidays such as Christmas and Thanksgiving for treats?
What's a question that you would like to be asked if you had the chance for the answer to only be yes or no?
What makes you angry or passionate about life?
What is the best piece of advice you've ever given?
What would you do if you had the power to change one thing in the world?
What would your idea of a fair world look like?
What daydream did you have when you were a kid and how would it be different now?
Who is an inspiration of yours and why?
What two letters do you have on your phone right now?
Your self diagnosis, what's wrong with you?
If you had unlimited knowledge and information, what would you learn from?
Who do you think is the most attractive female celeb in Hollywood today?
What kinds of activities do you like doing the most?
What is the most penetrating comment you have ever had?
What qualities do you look for in a friend?
How do you think you'll feel when a world disaster or nuclear war happens?
What was your favorite book as a child?
How long do you think people should have to wait before they can know, beyond doubt they are attractive?
What move would you boom?
What was your first job?
If you rank the smartest people alive according to their visibly tangible brain matter, who would be on top?
What's something you regret in your life?
How many languages do you speak?
How should I spend a week without internet?
If you had to tag yourself, just three adjectives, what would they be?
What do you most regret doing or not doing in your life?
How would you rate your opinion of yourself based on what other people think of you?
Can you describe your self-image? In what timeframe and in what group of people does it fall?