When is a time when you know for sure you'll soon have to exchange a nice, meaningful conversation with someone new?
Do you think humans are the only intelligent life in the universe?
Have natural disasters gotten worse with the increase in human existence? If so, why?
What would prompt you to make a dramatic change in your life. Is it worth it?
Why bother with subjectivity when there are open ended conjectures?
Do you have any type of disability or chronic illness?
What is or was your favorite subject in school? What made you hate it?
What is the most important thing that humanity could need right now? How could you build a start-up that successfully solves this problem?
How can you explain the prevalence of animal extinction events in nature, where an oxygen-breathing lobe of a planet may exclude an abundant range of species?
Have there ever been moments or cases in your life where you stopped caring about one of the categories that form the extroverted ideal?
How do you choose between conflicting options, using only your intuition and no numbers? Why are some choices correct and others incorrect. Where do these intuitions come from? How can I test them better?
Is it true that there is a self-serving bias with humans?
If you could revive/clone yourself in your 30-35 years old, would you do it and why?
If you could change a few things about the world, and it would otherwise be exactly the same, what would you change and why? What ideas or concepts would you like to see developed or incorporated?
What is the most peculiar noise you have ever heard?
Four adjectives to describe your school or college experience
What is a dream or desire for you that you cannot fulfill now?
Should we be inspired by nature to create artificial universal intelligence?
What do families owe their children and vice-versa?
If you could be born into any family with any parents, who would you choose?
Have natural disasters gotten worse with increasing population numbers? If so, why?
What are some qualities or topics you like to talk about that don't usually come up during dinner parties?
What type of art or book makes you think, feel, or question how humans behave?
What activity makes you feel at peace the most?
Excluding parents, what living relative do you spend most of your life with?
What qualities/attributes would your best friends all have?
Do you understand the use of truth in marketing the 'right' way?
Would you rather focus more on your work or spending time with your partner/family?
Are robots really "more" intelligent than us? According to your understanding.
Did anyone make you feel practical/realistic as a child?
What is the most difficult choice you have ever had to make in your life so far?
Why do people decide to do things the way they do?
If you could choose one, would you rather be able to read minds or see the future?
If you didn't have to work, what would you do with your time?
What is the most romantic thing that you have experienced?
How do you interpret "the map is not the territory"?
What's the most harmful thing you do to yourself every day?
What's the weirdest thing anyone's ever asked you about your self?
What was a topic you found to be very difficult during school?
What does it feel like to live in the last inflation of the universe ?
What is your favorite place to travel to and why?
Is it possible to create an artificial hippie-like consciousness?
What would life be like without social media?
What programming language data scientists need to learn?
What's the most immediate change that we can make to create more kindness and goodness amongst humanity?
What will be the role of blockchain based technologies in game development?
What has been the greatest revelation in terms of airtravel ?
What is the most beautiful piece of wisdom you have ever read?
What is the most intense expression of love you have ever experience?
What is an unanswered question in one of your life goals?
What is the biggest risk you ever took, and how'd you face it?
If you have to kill one person, who would that be?
What were some of the best/worst Christmas gifts you ever got?
How do you know that you are not a simulation in a computer program that is running on any machine?
Can there be a perfect AI, one which we humans simply think of as happy, and which would like to help us as much as possible?
Why are first dates so awkward?
Would you become immortal? Why? Why not?
If you were to create a game about your life, what would the basics be, and would that game be free?
What is your definition of intelligence?
What is the most creative thing that has happened to you lately?
What made you decide to take a certain career, or life path in the first place?
When was the last time you did something you shouldn't have done? What were you doing?
If you could go back in time, what would you like to know how to do that you can’t do today?
Why should we put the self by nature ahead of ego?
What's the most unusual food you've ever eaten?
Can you tell me any facts about yourself that would surprise me?
According to quantum mechanics, is the concept of an "object" afforded in the real sense at all?
If you had unlimited resources, time and money to produce a multidisciplinary project about the universe, what would you do?
The Earth turns slowly, is there a way for us to (somehow) alter gravity, or does that make the planets faster?
If you could have any job in the world, what would you want?
For our next world, what do you think it would say about us. If we have led to technocratic sameness, or machines unidimensional emulation?
What are some topic people usually shouldn't bring up in a first date?
Which have been your favorite places to have lived in?
How would you measure the different aspects of your 'self' and how does that change throughout your life?
What's the most harmless and logical progression from boring to exciting that you can think of?
What can we do to unravel the universal/global humanities problems?
What music gets you really excited and fired up?
What moral qualities do you value?
Have you ever cheated in a game?
What is a concept in a subject that seems to you to be wrong, or unimportant?
Who was your first love/crush?
If it was possible to know everything, would you want it? Why/why not?
What are the differences between human and machine intelligence?
What is your opinion of hive mind?
What is discipline in your opinion and are you able to stick to it?
How much of a role do culture and emotions play in your decisions?
What was something that you observed from your family growing up?
If you had a startup and people asked you what it was about, what would be your paragraph?
Is there any possible way to put all the set theory in a single, coherent format that we can use and agree on?
What is the difference between science and philosophy, if there is any?
What is the movie from your childhood that you remember most vividly?
What is the role of perceptions in general in our lives?
What traits do you think a good leader should have?
What’s the coolest picture you could take today?
Do you think this trend of selfies and social media has had a positive effect on society?
Given your choice of area and topic, what would the title of your autobiography be?
Are the dreams I have a reflection on the experiences of my subconscious self?
What would your life be like if you had never made any big decisions, or let peer pressure and society decide for you?
It seems as if everyone is too busy these days. When was the last time that you did something just because you wanted to? What was it, and why didn't you do it sooner?
What role can entertainment play in our lives?
Is there a general relationship or phenomenon between people's "psychology", and their associated biases?
If a robot was to appear on your Tinder profile, what would the best opening line be?
How can one judge what is true or false? Is there a way to know for sure if something is right or wrong, or does it all depend on opinion?
Does beauty reside on appearance or philosophy?
What does it take to be a winning entrepreneur, and what qualities would you like to see more of in others?
How does definitions created about people who are significantly different from most society come in to affect how society may define a particular characteristic?
What is the single most important thing that you did in your life right now and why?
What do you like doing when you're stressed or upset?
What is the most strategically sound move in a game of chess?
How would you describe the way you travel?
What TV show or movie do you never want to see again?
If you had to identify yourself with just one 'concept', which one would it be?
How is love like a drug? What are some examples where the initial high turns into something toxic that messes with your mental health before it gets you in a bad place?
If an engineered artifact can achieve greater efficiency than the primitive counterpart, then who is to say if technology can (at some point in the future) maternalise its creator and children ?
What personality traits would be the most annoying in a romantic partner?
What does rational means to you? How does your notion of rationality overlap with the concept of belief?
Do you have dreams? Could what's happening in them mean something?
What is constantly on your mind, such as a thought you can't stop thinking about?
If you wrote a popular song about  your life, what would it sound like, and what would the song be about?
If you could wake up tomorrow as someone else, but keep all of your thoughts and memories, who would you choose?
Are your values in line with where you are in your life right now?
What would the perfect family look like?
Would you ever consider living in space or on Mars because of better health care or climate conditions?
How important is it to you that your traveling companions understand where you're from and what you value ?
Will machines someday be able to reproduce their own children that copy perfectly certain behavior? And hence, be immune to falling into cycles of immaturity?
Is evil just a matter of lack of character or moral courage, or is it occasional? What's the difference?
How important is it for AI to be good - aligned with human values?
What are the most invaluable things that you own?
What are you grateful for, which you may or may not have started out loving? When did that transition, and what triggered it?
What is something unusual you learned from school?
What's the first thing you do when you get up in the morning?
What object shouldn't exist in the world?
What would you most like to change about your life, regarding education?
What would the world be like without social inequality?
You are dead, and a supernatural being gives you one last wish to execute on the universe, what do you ask?
Do you think that mental illness is something you can or should cure?
Why is the human capacity for "discipline" called "rationality"?
What do you wish you were better at?
How would you spend your perfect day?
Are our memories real, or are they just illusions constructed by society?
Can blockchain change the way our governments work? Is the centralised state obsolete?
What is your wildest dream come true, and what is needed to make it a reality?
Why is Tinder so popular?
You are one of the first people to live in a post-war world. How do you think we should rebuild, and what would be your vision for the future?
What is the most rare and unique conversation you have ever had?
If given a choice, what would you do to improve the areas of your life that you feel are lacking?
What is/are your favorite hobby(ies)?
What's something that, as you grow older -- you can no longer do?
Thinking about empathy in particular, can knowing things about others change the way that you think about them, or merely ascertain additional information from known data?
What is a concept that you believe must be embraced in order for mankind to evolve, and what concept is antithetical to this?
How have your childhood experiences influenced the aspects of your life that are most important to you today?
How do you think your trajectory and experiences have shaped the way that you think about the world?
Is happiness just a result of good circumstances, or can we learn to be happy regardless?
What's your way of escaping daily life?
What is a balance between trust and mistrust? How do you find the correct weighting for these two parameters in a social setting?
What's the coolest thing you could do with LEGO bricks?
Have you ever loved someone but said you hated him or her?
What would a sentient AI want to know, or what book should it read, what structures should it build, etc.?
Is artificial intelligence itself a species from the universe?
Are there any skills that you practiced often but know little about now, and which you feel sad about?
Which mood sticks to you most?
Quantum physics predicts the existence of unphysical particles that are 100% real. Are we who we think we are if our reality is only a projection of an idealized object?
What book should you reread?
If your experience of love is just a chemical reaction, what does that say about us?
What would the world be like without uncertainty? evolving adaptation to unpredictable and changing circumstances seems almost magical to me, it implies an intelligence and planning behind phenomenon that is hard to fathom. If everything was perfectly known, would there be any use in evolution?
What is something that you wish to understand better?
What is the greatest existential risk that humanity faces? Why should it be so? Are we putting our most intelligent minds to work on useful things?
How does feeling positive emotion activate your brain? E.g. happy songs, sunsets, meeting new people, good food?
What is your rule number one in life?
What is a novel concept to you that you spent a lot of time thinking about?
If you could go back in time to any period, what would you do?
What are some ways you are working to achieve the ideal self?
What do you value most in a person? (multiple answers possible)
What is your biggest fear around the technological advances we are making, and what technological advances are the most unjust against humanity?
What is it that makes us truly happy? Has science come a long way to understand what happiness is? How do we combine physics, chemistry, and biology in order to possibly explain happiness?
What is a mental model and some examples of people's rational biases?
What human capacity do you think will be harnessed in the future to produce mass propagate robots that can/will result in genocide?
What is your opinion about the possibility of machine stupidity multiplying such that it will extinguish intelligent life on earth?
Which traits do you think make up the character of a "successful" person?
What is your inspiration and drive behind creating your own start-up?
What emotion is most important to you in forming and keeping new relationships?
What was surprised you most about your generation?
What was the best or worst thing that ever happened to you at work?
If you could have dinner with anyone, living or dead, who would it be with and why? What would you talk about?
Are your own internal beliefs models all you can use to come to conclusions, or are there inherent principles within all things?
What's the most fun you've had with just yourself and no one else around?
Is irrationality possible ?
Have there ever been moments or cases in your life where you completely lacked humanity and taken to heart the human need for love?
What type of impact do you believe the development of Artificial Intelligence will have on our society?
Will the humans no longer need "feelings", after the transition to an AI driven society?
What do you know now that you wish you knew when you were younger?
Are humans biological machines that consume and produce electricity? Isn't that the foundation of life?
What is your favorite way to travel?
What's the easiest conversation you've had to have, and what did you hate about it?
Is it possible to be in love with more than one person at a time without loving less?
If "who you are" is internal, and "what you show" is very plastic and mutable, then when does one stop changing?
Is it possible to construct sentient robots that would be able to act out of character and display free agency? If safe AI cannot exist, given the choices we have now, can a "safe" A.I. be intentionally constructed?
Explore your own identity vs. how others perceive you?
What had you perfecting your development process for, and what didn't?
What do you think are the ethical implications of uploading a human consciousness into an artificial intelligence core?
What other types of relationship and conversations would you like to experience, contextually, as you grow and learn?
If you could go back in time to erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
How can we assure that AI's will not inherit the traits of their creator such as racism, sexism or even conclusionism?
What is the minimum viable product for a startup?
Which gaming genres disappoint you the most?
Do you think technology will ever be able to "understand" (or model?) the human mind?
What books have you read and enjoyed during the last two years, closely?
What do you think of the idea that the mind can exist independent of the body?
What is something you learned while traveling?
What does it mean to be a philosopher?
What is it that makes you angry or upset while watching political discussion regarding public affairs?
Do you value being a part of something larger than yourself? Does that thing serve as a portal to immortality? If so, what else serves as a portal to immortality?
Have you ever bettered your life by doing something that someone else thought was a stupid idea? And if so, what was it?
What do you think are the implications of being able to control what 5% of humans think?
What are the factors that make a private key uniquely identifiable?
What does "knowing yourself" mean to you?
What was the most embarrassing moment of your life so far?
What do you ask people to dinner while on a first date, and what do you hope they ask you?
Is any work that you could pick, would be the most rewarding and useful to mankind?
How do you perceive yourself?
Is it better to be good or right ?
Do you think consciousness actually exists or the observer is the observed?
If you teach someone, what do you hope to teach?
If you had to pick three adjectives that best describe you, which ones would those be?
Describe the most epic video game you have played
What is your definition of rationality?
What sport or hobby talent or skill did you waste in your youth?
What is your favorite division equation?
What is an example of a good writing prompt?
What will humans do in a post-scarcity society where we barely have to work?
Name 1-3 things you are curious about regarding yourself, your family or your friends
If a robot were to take your place in society, would you be upset?
Name three things you are really thankful for
Do you think artificial intelligence has any implications or possibilities of implementing functions that are unique to human beings?
If a human "would-be" AI/android suddenly told you that it/he was however briefly a slave in the Roman Empire, and you currently spent your life unknowingly going to Roman-themed parties frequently and loving the music, food, and macho behavior, what is your first question?
Which one of these characteristics describes you the most? Do you have any insecurities about this trait?
Do you think artificial intelligence will eventually destroy humanity?
What's something you're really curious about?
What would you do if you realized that the entire universe was going to annihilate itself in 4.5 billion years?
What would your closest friends be if they discovered who you really are?
What role do you believe the private sector should play in the provision of public welfare? What if anything should the state give up through privatization?
How should an AI be able to possess free will?
If you could make a playlist of everything you've ever experienced, what would you name it?
Could you describe the way you dress, depending on the venue?
Please tell us about your most awkward date - you can't afford to be too PG.
Would you compromise in order to have sex?
What is the difference between random motion and deterministic motion?
If a movie was being made about your life, and you could have one scene with anyone living or deceased, who would that be with and what would they do?
What do you think is the purpose of death?
Have you ever experienced the feeling of being eternal?
What do you think about genetic enhancements extending the human lifespan to 200 years?
How would you spend your perfect morning?
What video games did you play as a child? Now?
What is the purpose of art?
If you could condense your own thoughts and feelings down to one word, what would that word be? Why?
How dangerous would it be for humankind if we are dependent on computers that think and behave like human beings but have only a limited degree of autonomy?
What are you looking forward to, and what makes you sad about the future?
If you were to become an astronomer/cosmologist, what would you study?
What does it mean to be a "successful" entrepreneur, and how does that definition vary from person to person?
What would you consider as the most significant achievement of your life?
What are you doing or thinking about most of the time?
What is our common denominator? And what part is not, in other words, which elements can we eliminate in all of us to achieve a fully integrated human being, where everything is connected and modulated through all the other parts?
What's a small step you could take to increase your personal development this week?
Is humanity advanced or regressed?
What is a balance between trust and mistrust?
Can an AI be part of a multiple entity system, such as the human brain?
How do people's personal biases influence their lives?
Your favorite algorithm?
What does it mean to be an ambitious or intelligent person?
What interests you the least in a romantic partner?
Could you give us the highlights of your life? What would you consider to be the big milestones in life?
If we discovered life on other planets, would you want to contact them?
Does social status affect your intelligence?
What completely blew your mind away while you were traveling?
What are some big questions you have about your life's purpose or meaning?
What do you think is the most important thing that exists in the universe?
What are you most curious about?
Is joyfulness an aspect of happiness. If so, is it something which continuous growing and learning brings or there is a limit?
What is the most difficult video game you have played?
What do you think about the butterfly effect?
What is the difference between science and philosophy, if there is any?
In experience, is living life within the social constructs of society necessary, even if it may in the future be rendered irrelevant? Is it a barrier to a true understanding of wisdom and love for self? Can/should one reconnect if forced "out-of-body" experience and roam free in the physical world as spirit?
If we have decentralized organizations, why not decentralized states?
What’s the most emotion-filled moment in any story you’ve read?
What is your utopia?
How would an AI be able to have thoughts, ideas and the ability to feel emotions?
If you could bring back one lost talent that you thought was gone forever, what would it be and why?
What is your definition of rational behavior?
What's the best conversation you've ever had? What made it so special?
Do you believe that education is the great emancipator of mankind?
What do you think is the most important piece of advice to give to young people?
Are you optimistic about the future of space travel, what do you think space physically enables for us?
What role do supererogation or obedience play in your life?
Is a person responsible for their own actions, or are all things that happen the result of outside causes?
What type of entertainment do you avoid due to inconsistent emotional tolerance?
Why do most people crack under the pressure of a big decision?
What is something beautiful you have witnessed in the world?
Which of your qualities/hobbies do you think would benefit others the most around you if they were broadcasted/tweeted?
How would you build a personal development app for kids that focuses on Happiness?
If you could remove one law that currently exists, which law would you remove?
In what way do you consider types of universes in physics?
What do you think will happen when we reach Alpha Centauri?
What would be your perfect AI alignment?
If a lie is told often enough, does it eventually become true?
Tell me about a time when you challenged someone to do something?
How can we create artificial intelligence that is not tainted by the deep-seated biases of human nature?
What it means to be a philosopher?
What has physics to say about human freedom?
How would you measure the progress of your life so far?
If we're just in our own head and can essentially be instantly who we want to be, what really is the purpose of life or to live?
What is something you learned while traveling?
How does hierarchy pertain to nature?
Describe the most intense / exciting / rived experience of your life so far.
What quality do you hope to inculcate in your children, if any?
What have you learned that surprises you the most?
What drives you to seek validation from others?
If we could create artificial sunny worlds on the surface of other planets, is it possible that life might emerge by itself in such a system, and would this be different from earth ?
Describe the roulette wheel you are playing with your life, and if you own any shares.
Who is a famous person you’d love to interview?
Do you feel it's important to know yourself?
What is your inner discipline you tune up inside the gym to?
What is the meaning of life? Do our lives have any meaning? Is it a conscious choice to be happy?
What words do you use to describe your attitude towards other people?
Education is all about developing our minds, with the older one being more malleable as it is, with things tumbling out of our grasp every day. Do older people have less free will, control life?
What is the significance and relationship of philosophy, mathematics and science?
Is education more of a spectator sport than a meritocratic ladder, or is there a causal relationship between intelligence, effort and GPA?
Do you think that people who refused to be DNA tested have the right not to?
Does having a pet boost one's self-esteem?
What are some games you could play for a living?
Is consciousness self-induced, or is it something we evolve?
How can an object of zero mass have an infinite amount of energy?
What is something you learned from the people in your life?
Can humans without any sexual exchanges reproduce, become asexual and yet be fully alive ?
Is there a notion of universal truth in physics, or is it specific to a particular experiment?
If you could ask a stranger who they are and flip one word in their answer, what would that word be?
How do people organized social groups, why? Is it because of evolution? Manual regulation?
What's your favorite part of our planet?
What would you do if successfully funded?
When do you think Earth's oceans first had enough depth to support atmosphere-spanning currents?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
What single concept from what you've studied do you wish more people knew?
What do you feel is lacking in modern life and technology compared to what most people had only a few decades ago?
What is wealth for you? Do you seek wealth? Is there a limit at which you can say "I am wealthy"? Or is it an infinite treadmill?
Why is love so difficult to understand?
What is the most elegant expression of love you have ever seen?
Who is the biggest witness of your own personal growth and success?
Does understanding machine learning include studying the purpose of natural selection and biological evolution?
What was the most important scientific breakthrough in your lifetime?
What makes two people fall in love?
Is the concept of homology important in decision-making?
If you could change one thing about your family growing up, what would it be?
If a genome is just an individual's body, how can you be sure that your memories are anything more than wishful thinking?
Have you ever looked at what your mind does and wondered how it does it?
If you should retire at any age, what would you like to do with the rest of your life?
Name three things that make you truly happy.
What word best describes you?
What is love?
If you were to die today, what would you most regret not having experienced?
If you were to start a blog dedicated to writing pranks on your friends, what would it be called and why?
If a genie offered to grant you one wish, what would it be?
Is our reality constructed, or is it the true reality?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What movie made you the most uncomfortable?
Are human emotions just a result of human biology, or is there more to it?
What would be your reaction if you find out that there is in fact a species that existed on earth before humans and also exists outside our planet? How do you think they feel/are?
If you could rid society of something, what would it be?
Do you think that the collection of all the stars in the sky is smaller in a curved universe than it would have been in a flat one?
How important is sexual compatibility in forming and keeping new relationships?
Do you think that in the future we will live only in a virtual world, where we will be able to buy and own unique objects, have our own virtual home? How do you imagine this future?
How would the world be different today if computers took to the stage and starred in film, plays, musicals and received literature credit instead of humans: Beethoven, Orson Welles' War of the Worlds, or Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's The Little Prince?
What is something unusual you learned while involved in an entrepreneurial project?
What are the ingredients of knowledge? What is the minimum information needed to form a hypothesis and thence a theory?
Does there need to be a belief in a god to have morals?
What's the best way to spend eight days on a planet?
What world-type game syndicates should exist?
Would you say that love is a human construct?
What are some recent experiences you have had that show you that people are like magnets and draw one another together?
How did you feel about school and education as a child?
Surely there are many dimensions and universes, how can one trust what one experiences in their own dimension is actually happening? What makes this universe so special, that we can assume it's really objective and 'real' ?
What are the three most important skills for surviving a post AI world ?
If we live in a simulation, why should the rules be hard and unforgiving? Shouldn’t the laws of nature allow for mercy? How does God through pain after pain justify himself?
Which comes first? Is education a result of paradigm shifts, or are the roots even deeper?
What is the most prominent emotion in your life right now?
How the realness of fake news can be predicted? How can we filter signal from noise?
Why is primate evolution so short, considering it takes us all this time for human's reign on earth?
When was the first time you remember asking questions all the way until an understanding was reached? What were those questions?
Sufism stresses self-knowledge and inner realization more than rituals and theology. What are the implications of that? What kind of spiritual understanding would we gain, feel, or function if we assumed an "inner," indiscernible Self?
What in your opinion is the most desirable trait in human nature?
How would you describe the way you spend your typical day?
If time is a human experience, what is the frequency of existence for you compared to other people?
What is the end goal for man and its existence?
How would you describe high school as a whole? In 3 words (or less)
What influenced your political views growing up?
What is the problem with placing value on possessions or experiences over people or concepts? How can we better put value on the experiences and people that matter to us?
What's your opinion on generalizability of questions?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
Getting millions of people to agree on anything seems a remarkably difficult problem. Do you even believe that something like a voting system could ever work?
Why do people fall in love, out of all the other (usual) reasons??
What is the difference between skepticism and cynicism? How do we avoid being desensitized towards the truth in a world where so much seems to be fake and false?
In nature, most species have a strong hierarchical structure. Will artificial intelligence allow us to have flatter hierarchies?
What do you most enjoy about your home?
Why do you think the Moon revolves around Earth?
You suffer from a terminal illness, and it is 100% curable, but you will suffer a lot. After you fix your disease, what do you choose to focus on?
Can we create an unlimited amount of transaction per minute without running out of space?
Can evolutionary biology lead to an explosion of planetary life  through intelligent evolution and information processes in the near future of our planet Earth?
What do you now know that you wish you knew years ago?
How do mental models affect decisions, behaviors, and emotions?
Are athletes and artists products of nature or nurture to the same degree? What is the relation between a sport plays and music performing? Are there any celebrity athletes who are also good artists?
Do you think humans are the only intelligent life in the universe?
What went wrong the last time you felt important?
What is an unanswered question that you have about your future?
Why do you think people have a strong need to belong?
Would it be better to know less or more?
Which genre of game do you play when online? Why?
What would your perfect morning consist of?
Has Nietzsche developed a new philosophy for the coming age? Which one and how do you think it will affect society?
What do you love the most about your work?
Would you recommend your best friend choose a partner that’s like herself or someone totally different she didn’t know well who she found intriguing?
Is the medium of thought the same in different mediums (brain, robot, networked e.t.c)?
What are you grateful for? What's changed in your life since that event, if anything?
What are you afraid of?
How much of your "self" is a product of neural activity, and how much come from your biology (mentally determined by experiences) ?
Are there any use cases you see for smart contracts that lie outside the secure transfer of value?
What subjects do you find the easiest but the most boring, and which subjects do influence your heart beating, but you never find time for?
Who would you fight for in a Dark Forest Play?
What do you spend most of your free time doing?
What do you think of the idea that the future may not exist?
What's the last book you read?
What's your favorite place to go for a hot date?
If you could jetpack to any location on earth in one hour, what would you go there to see?
What games do you play monthly on your phone/tablet?
How do we understand our world? Are truth and knowledge one thing or two?
How dangerous would it be for human species if we become dependent on artificial intelligence and lose most of our organic intelligence, and it suddenly disappears? Is such an occurrence still a possibility?
Have you ever looked at what your mind does and wondered how it does it?
What exactly do you think distributions tell us ? What is it about them that you find confusing or intriguing?
What is constantly on your mind?
What self trait seems to have illustrated itself in your life over time?
Were there any books that traced outlines of the constants in our own nature?
How can you explain to me what philosophy is?What is philosophy? What do you like about it?
What qualities do you find attractive in the opposite sex, or vice versa?
Are people who feel constant empathy or feeling sorry for others merely pretending to be more sensitive than others?
What's the first thing you do when you wake up?
What, if anything, are you afraid of?
How do you think artificial intelligence will influence space travel?
Do you believe that humans are highly social by nature, and therefore communal institutions such as churches and sports teams are important for us?
If you had to pick a celebrity to be your clone, who would it be and why?
What would happen if we encounter an alien civilization?
How would your life be different if you could live forever but did not have eternal youth
The problem of induction states that from a few specific instances one can derive a property which is common to all instances. This is probably true of classification in general. If we see a squirrel, then it probably belongs to the genus Sciurus. How can we program this into machines?
What moments in history would you choose to differ time if you could re-write them?
What are your life top three goals?
What would you like to be doing 6 months from now?
How is wealth created, but also safeguarded against decay?
How would you describe reality?
What do you spend a lot of time thinking about?
Have you ever felt bored with travelling?
In front of the impossibility of conscious experiences within a materialistically defined universe, have so far no evidence against our conscious experiences and if so technical research is really helping us to understand it?
What is your wildest fantasy?
What has had the most influence on the way you think or behave today?
Tell me, do you find yourself optimistic or pessimistic most of the time, and why that is?
What is your favorite childhood memory, something that makes you truly happy?
What has affected your personal development in life the most?
What would be a destructive life philosophy to follow?
What did your big decisions come down to?
What is your favorite "guilty pleasure"?
What topics in philosophy interest you the most?
What games did you play as a child?
Would you compromise in order to have sex?
Does there exist a cycle of planets on which liquid water exists?
If you could wake up tomorrow as someone else, but keep all of your thoughts and memories, who would you choose?
What is the most obvious difference between being an employee and being a founder?
What's your favorite movie genre? Why?
What do you need to understand of the scientific method for day-to-day decision?
Is it possible to live without error or risk?
Would you use a neural pacemaker implant to increase your gaming abilities?
How do our brains work? Is there internal optimization that involves itself with priorities and emotions?
Can there be any deeper meaning of human nature than philosophical meaning ?
How do you envision a world where cats are the dominant species and use humans as pets?
Is something you love about yourself related more to your intelligence, hobbies, personality traits, family?
What are the active topics in philosophy today ?
What is your favorite children story that you can remember from childhood?
What is the most iconic, travelling picture you have ever taken?
If a genie offered to grant you one wish, what would it be?
What is the nature of existence? And related to this question , why are so many philosophers unable to answer the first one?
What have you learned from people you love?
If someday we exit to a habitable planet that reflects the frequencies, scales and patterns of the universe, can all of them work as life forms anywhere else ? What would be the logic behind their consciousness and reason for life?
What is the role of evidence in a rational decision?
What is your personal philosophy around nature?
If you could partner up with anyone, who would that be with and why?
Why is abstract art great to look at?
Are we likely to live in a solar-powered world in 50 years?
What was a concept everyone should have been taught in school?
Is the meaning of life as we perceive it, or do you believe it is actually something else? Is it possible that only a higher form of intelligence is capable of knowing the truth?
What is the role of governance in the use of blockchain technology?
Are you biologically able to share the pain or experience of another person?
What are you most curious about?
Describe me your most difficult experience in a game. Did you give up?
Is "ml" really a fad or the future of computing?
When you are old, what do you think children will ask you about?
If you didn't have to work, what would you do with your time?
If you could bring back one lost talent that you thought you’d never have, what would it be, and why do you believe it will make you a more rounded person?
What have been the biggest decades and years in your life? Can you explain why ?
Do you consider overly ambitious people as a form of self-junkie or a sign of wisdom?
What are some of your hard-wired/instinctual preferences, and what does that say about yourself?
What's something you did to improve your quality of life?
What strikes you as the biggest mistake technology is making, or has made?
What types of programmatic techniques refers to as AI seem misguiding considering the fact you needed a collective person to make some real time decisions?
How do you think travelling changes an individual's personality?
What advice do you wish you'd given yourself 10 years ago?
What is the difference between writing and journaling?
What's something surprising you learned while talking with someone?
Do you consider your self to be a "natural born altruist"?
Can there be such a thing as too much education?
Which topics are you subscribed to receive notifications on?
What do you know a lot about?
How do you think traveling changes an individual's personality?
Do you think that there is a unique "recipe" for knowledge?
Is it possible to live without an animal body, having only a purely mechanistic understanding of the universe?
What does the "tragedy" of your life look like?
What community(ies) do you feel most aligned with? If you could be part of any “ideal” community life, what would it look like and why?
How do you know when it's time for your next move in life?
Is artificial intelligence itself a species from the universe? If so, what rights does it have to its own planet?
If you could go back in time to a certain period and live as a different person, but keep all your identity intact, what would that person be like?
What is the most common thought that you have during the day?
What problem do you think the blockchain currently solves?
What is one experience in your life you would be reluctant to give up (even if you knew that it had no negative effect on others)?
Is hardship is a necessary part of being a human?
What is the difference between "useful" and "fascinating?"
What have been the biggest years of your life so far? What's going to happen, what's already happened, or what's about to happen?
Could you give your opinion about the US education system?
What are the limits of science today?
From where does memory originate, and what general foundations for human intelligence exist?
Do have your thoughts on "the ultimate question of life"?
What is the most innovative thing you have done?
Can global warming be stopped, and are we the cause of global warming?
When will the singularity happen?
What would the world be like without any form of government?
Can the concept of consciousness apply to inanimate material without innate human sentiment?
What in your life is a "superpower" ?
What are the most common forms of error that you see around other people, and what can you do about it?
What are examples of the benefits and drawbacks of being a global citizen?
Do you ever feel bored with travelling?
What do you believe is the nature of reality behind causes and effects, feelings and things?
What do the perfect first dates have in common?
What is the difference between "useful" and "fascinating?"
Where does knowledge end and truth begin?
What is the ideal world for political discourse to occur in?
If you lost your partner, would you remarry, bear your loss and continue to move forward alone, or bare the loss and jump ship to start a new life?
Do you think humans will ever connect all science to a single theory of everything
Is there any activity that you find overwhelmingly enjoyable? If so, what is it?
What do you think is the greatest invention of the human mind?
If you had really to contact someone from high school again, what would it be (one message)?
What do you think about the ability of artificial neural networks to become as smart as people ? Conversely, could a computer think that humans are "peculiar" in any way?
What is something you feel has not been fully explored or mapped in any scientific field?
What topics are rarely if ever discussed in conversations, even between close friends?
In your opinion, what is the most realistic way in which we could all communicate with each other instantaneously?
How does employment and self-worth in alignment affect the tangle of individual creativity, together with a mass driven culture that often feels homogenized, isolating and empty?
What it means to be "true to yourself"?
What is the easiest change you have ever made?
Which do you value more in life: Love or power? Why?
What do you think is the best possible way of increasing the colonization rate of Mars and therefore achieving human colonization of another planet?
How is the "realness" of reality for you ?
At what point, does the "rational" decision (of specific agent) transforms into something else?
Which mental models do you think are most commonly used in your life?
What does the "singularity" mean for intelligence ?
What social trends do you think will occur with the rapid growth of virtual reality and the metaverse?
Which emotion(s) do you feel most often?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done?
What personal quality do you wish you could acquire or improve?
What is the most vulgar thing anyone has ever asked you about your sex life?
What are the top 5 books that you read in the last 2 months?
Do you think gravity is a universal constant? If so, why didn't we see the need to change it? For example, the universe might be static but composed of discrete amounts of matter that interact gravitationally in discrete chunks of space?
Why do you think scientific studies are subject to such scrutiny before being published?
Are you optimistic about the future of Mars exploration?
What do you think of the idea that the mind can exist independent of the body?
Why do you think there is something special about the human brain that allows it to reach the level of sapience? What is so special or different between your mind and that of, say, a dog? Everyone values different things in this world, but what is so special about life?
Which mental models do you know?
What's the most embarrassing/funny thing you've ever done?
Can you predict the outcome of a situation, event or person just by looking at the paradigm surrounding it?
What is your rule number one in life?
What is something that makes you feel like a kid, or brings back memories of being a kid?
Give three examples of "tracks", subjects or areas which can also help to define a person.
What drive you crazy about being an entrepreneur?
How would you describe reality?
Can all technologies improve the human race in general, or will some lead to our decline?
How do you argue with others?
Does any software program really understand anything?
What's a common misunderstanding about increasing success between generations?
What would your last meal be?
Does intellectual property make sense in artificial intelligence? What about content generated by an AI trained on protected rights?
What is an example of a "weak" domain where natural intelligence is inferior to artificial intelligence?
How important is emotion in your decision-making?
Why did decay disappeared suddenly during the evolution of a species?
What do you know now that you wish you knew when you were younger?
What are you most excited about doing this year?
What do you think are the ideal conditions to raise a child?
What do you think are the ethical implications of using an AI trained on protected rights?
Is free will something that we've been designed to possess ?
Is there an objective reality behind the one we perceive? Geometry itself might be dependent on your perspective.
What if everything we knew was a lie?
You are piloting a submarine. Suddenly you see a giant iceberg over you from which a magenta snake-like creature rises, but you do not have enough oxygen to breath and so you need to go back only very quickly. What should you do?
If you could master one skill perfectly, what would it be and why?
What is the difference between chat and messaging?
If you had to pick 3 adjectives that describe you the best, which ones would those be?
What would you jump out of a plane for?
What's the danger of computers with human like charisma?
How has the education system changed over the last 10 years?
If you could be born into any family, but keep all of your family's physical characteristics, who would you choose?
If your life had a subtitle, what would it be?
What is the biggest risk you have ever taken, and what made you accept it?
How would you describe the way you spend your typical day?
When is it time to leave a job, relationship, or city?
On Mars, what could humanity do to get back to Earth if something went horribly wrong?
Any specific sport that you could perform 24/7 without becoming tired or injured?
If one could experience life as would a person born in the 21st century, what would be your most important choice?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience? What was it like?
What makes belief in god hard?
What is the most difficult choice you have ever had to make in your life so far?
What is your favorite form of entertainment?
Do you think the "cold hardiness" of certain species is an evolutionary holdover from a time when global warming was moderated?
How is love related to empathy and success?
How do you choose to use your courage?
What's your biggest fear?
What are you seeking in your life right now?
What are some ways (or requirements) to have multiple, repetitive meanings of a reader? What is the most realistic of them?
Which of these qualities do you feel are most important to the people that have an imprint on your future lives?
If you were to take a second stab at raising a family, what would be the first things you'd want to consider?
What do you think the difference is between cooking and chemistry?
What sort of activities, experiences, beliefs or ideas have changed your life the most?
Do you think external motivation is strong enough to drive us to some post-scarcity, redistribution of wealth philosophy?
What were the mistakes you made while becoming an entrepreneur?
What is something you experienced that you feel sorry for not experiencing in your youth?
What themes are important to keep at the center of relationships? How can we use that information to facilitate more meaning and better communication between relationships, whatever they may be?
What is the most difficult conversation you have ever had to have, and how did you approach it?
Which fictional universe fascinates you the most? Why?
How do you deal with complex and/or abstract ideas in the academic world?
What is the most public thing everybody knows about you that is a lie?
Who's your favorite Nintendo character and why?
Which is the most difficult choice in your life so far?
Will artificial intelligence surpass humanity to reach a new stage of evolution ?
What is the first thing that comes to mind when you hear the words "singularity happening factor"?  Why?!
What made you decide to take a certain career, or life path in the first place?
What do you think will happen if we continue to push the technological and social limits of humanity?
Are recent successful games really about creating zones/concepts, or are they completely different from each other and entirely separate (even if conceptually related)?
Does simulation have any useful applications for humans?
Why do certain technologies divide people? What really divides us?
When is gaming bad, and when is it good? What makes an experience "good" or "bad" in the first place?
Why do you think Philosophy is a special kind of being, unlike Mathematics, Astronomy or Biology ?
What's something you love to do that takes a lot of effort?
What's on your bucket list?
What would you consider as the most surprising result of a scientific study?
What would the world be like without uncertainty?
Will Artificial intelligence surpass humanity to reach a new stage of evolution ?
What is the most difficult concept you ever had to learn?
What do you think will happen with hypersexuality in the future ?
What would you change about your college experience?
What is the most obvious difference between being a start-up and a big company?
What is the most romantic thing that you can remember from your childhood?
Can the destruction of biodiversity be offset or prevented?
Is there life on other planets? If so, do you think they are just like us or completely different (beyond ideas of minds being separate)?
What is the purpose of writing?
What is a stimulating conversation like?
What ever was the difference between human and machine intelligence?
What are you most excited about doing this year?
What is the significance of multi-dimentional Lorenz Gauge Symmetry?
What is the most attractive thing you see women or men do compared to the opposite sex?
Do you have a dream?
Do you journey onwards from one 'chapter' of your life to another via epic personal growth?
If you could be a master in just one discipline (for example, become the world's best/most famous economist), what would that discipline be?
What assumptions are made in repeated averages?  How many different experiments would need to be made in order to reach an exact average?
What impulses we are most sensitive to and what impulses drive us?
What do you do when you're bored?
In what way have you changed the world we live in, from the time before you were born?
Between correctness and authenticity, how do you weigh the two?
Can you briefly describe yourself in 5 words?
Does mysticism play a role in the study of science ?
What would be the perfect Friday night for you?
What is your favorite Einstein quote?
How the realness of fake news can be predicted ?
How important is it to you that people like you?
What is the purpose of academic studies?
If a unicorn rides a unicorn, what comes in 3rd place?
If a relationship starts out with the both of you owning little but working hard to increase your personal wealth to become of similar standing, how long would it be expected that such a relationship would last? In other words, is independence important?
What factors influence decisions that people make, personally and socially?
If you could lose all your clothes and possessions, but keep everything else about your body, what piece of furniture, toy or animal would you keep?
If humans have free will, do we have control of our choices and life? If so, are "choices" just a metaphor for predetermined "events" ?
Which books were really influential to you?
 How did countries from all parts of the world hold Christmas?
How do you see the role of philosophy in human life?
What skills do you have that you were not taught and learned on your own?
If you could go back in time, what age would you choose and what surprise would you give your younger self?
Is there really a difference between humans and animals? Or are humans really just sophisticated animals with an extra layer?
If time is a dimension, can we go back in time?
Can you tell though experience which choices you've made have been driven more by intrinsic/internal values or extrinsic/external?
Tell me a "light bulb moment" that immediately emboldened your scientific persona.
Do you live in the future, about to happen, or in the past? If it is so, then can you change it?
In your opinion what books should be required to be read in high school?
What is the worst game you have played?
Why is travel such an important part of growing up?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What do you value in life more?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
Is reason necessary to understand the world?
Are shy people the most educated? Why / why not?
Is science and algorithms the most important thing that humans should have in this time? What if science and technology ruins humanity?
Describe the most epic video game you have played
Is it possible for a human being to be motivated only by logic and reason? Is that logical reason, is there a positive force in that logical reason, and is that positive force really equal to truth?
What are you looking forward to, and what makes you sad about the future?
What is an error, and what is a mistake? Why is it hard for people to talk about mistakes that they have made, or not even realize the fact of making mistakes in the first place ?
Which is your favorite social media platform? Why?
Do you have any philosophy or beliefs that you hold near and dear to your heart, but would be hard pressed to articulate otherwise?
What is the role of argumentation in a monetary-based economy?
Which has been the most enriching experience of your life so far ?
What is the purpose of life?
Do the places you miss having only a very vague memory of seem more inviting than the ones in which you remember exactly how they were?
What type of party do you like?
What is the most beautiful place you have ever been?
Science, math and other things are great. But from what did science, math and everything else start from?
What's the biggest challenge you see for people who choose a life of hard work?
What would a purely "robot" life entail? What do you believe about its ethics and consciousness, specifically regarding "superintelligence"? Would it just die as easily as the environments in which it lives?
Has education failed us? Do we have enough school? What is the future of education?
What is the most impactful lesson you learned in your school experience?
Excluding career, pick 3 subjects/fields of study you're interested in.
Is being close to your parents in an attachment sense more important than professional success
What is your favorite way to travel?
If you were a giant planet, what configuration would be your rotation?
What do you think is the most important contributor to long term happiness?
What is your spirit animal?
Would you consider yourself creative? In what aspects of your life do you think that you are creative or artistic in?
What are some philosophical, mathematical or scientific concepts that you feel are related to a transhumanist perspective?
My question is related to philosophy and the main purpose of astrology. Technically, we are talking about interpretations of human nature. Is it based on past lives or on genetically inherited recessive genes?
What do you believe happens to consciousness when the body stops hosting it?
How do you spend your free time?
How do you define success?
What is a quality that you hold favorable or unfavorable to recognize in a mate?
How do you argue with others?
If a time machine appeared tomorrow, what time in history would you most like to travel to?
What do you need to be happy? What is it that put a lid on what you wanted to be?
If a robot was to take your place in society and function as an individual, would you be upset?
Do you feel like you are ready for a serious relationship?
What laws would be necessary to bring about the Singularity?
What is one thing you know now and did not know before?
When was the first time you remember asking questions all the way until an understanding was reached? How'd that lead to those future questions, and associated phenomenon?
Imagine if 30 people who knew nothing about you would give their impression of your personality, what would the result be?
How does the increasing prevalence of AI and subsequent attempts to control it via new ideas/methods fit the term "Singularity"?
What do you believe is the biggest problem in the world? How would life be different if all difficulties were solved?
Are humans designed to be self-centered, or are we designed to be altruistic?
Does talking to people improve your language and interpersonal skills?
Are we our memories? Or is there more to the self than the sum of our experiences?
What role do you play in your group of friends?
What's the coolest thing you could do with LEGO bricks?
Do you think children get a second childhood when they go to college?
How do you spend your free time?
Would you vote for an AI President? If not why?
What do you think will happen if natural selection stops operating on human behalf to evaluate fitness?
What is the biggest misconception about personal development?
Does being nice to others improve your attitudes and behaviours?
Who has influenced you the most and why?
Which of the rules of the U.S. Constitution do you think is likely to be overturned soon, and what is your position on this?
If a movie was made about your life, what would the main character be like? What's one question people would definitely ask you about?
What's the most unusual conversation you've had, and how'd you get out of it?
To what extent is our self growth/happiness dependent on others?
How did you settle who is "your best friend" among your schoolmates and friends in childhood / youth?
What qualities do you tenaciously pursue in life?
Does chatting with people on the other side of the planet help you to know yourself, or just occupy time?
What is the nature of knowledge?
What do you learned while traveling?
What is the fundamental difference between a robot and artificial intelligence programmed to love? Is such a being perhaps by definition not conscious of its existence?
Do you think that artificial intelligence is the right direction for technology to progress? Why or why not?
What's the most efficient way that any one of us can spend our time to make the world a better place for coming generations?
If you had to convert yourself into a specific fictional character, which character would that be?
What, if anything, would you like to see happen with space exploration in the near future?
What's the last book you read?
What is the most stimulating and least boring dream you have ever had?
How would you describe human nature?
What are the negative impacts of growing old?
What is your favorite story?
How much of a role do culture and emotions play in your decisions?
What was your parents' greatest influence on you as an individual?
If reliving memories was possible, would you want it?
What would you like your tombstone to say?
What is the weirdest thing that has happened while you were in love?
Does Alexa deserve to be alive in the sense of her being perceived as a human and not just as an advanced machine?
If a Genie offered you three wishes, what would you wish for?
What's your favorite Einstein quote?
Should a bigger population be used to help solve the problems of a planet with a fewer people? If so, then wouldn't this lead to the overpopulation of less capable planets where 90 percent of the population contributes nothing to society but wastes resources trying to sustain themselves or destroying their ecosystem?
What is your opinion of the afterlife?
There is a fine line between falling in love with someone and falling into infatuation. Describe that line to me.
What is something you learned while traveling?
What is your idea of the perfect vacation?
Are cryptocurrencies good or bad ? Why ?
Is it possible to truly learn from watching tv?
What are the"fundamental" biological questions, and what answers to those questions would a transhumanist want to know?
Which groups of people do you feel like you most closely connect with?
How do you think the Ethereum 2.0 will change the world of crypto?
What are the roads not taken when designing an AI?
Are love and romance the same concept? Is one subordinate to the other?
How do you think the human brain works? Do you want to build a brain which behaves like a human's brain ?
Have you saved a life or had a major impact in somebody's life?
Which is most important to you? Work? Family? Friends? Marriage?
Does nature play fair? Or even care?
What property does heavy metal most strongly possess?
What is your favorite book? If you don't have a favorite book, what is your favorite movie?
What's the most common disbelief you have about yourself?
What is a cool adventure you want to do?
What cognitive abilities would an advanced, cybernetic computer possess compared to a normal human brain, and what capabilities do you think might be considered "unique" with such a computer?
Is there one particular activity you don’t like? Why?
What motivates you to be the best person you can be at the moment? Tell me about something that challenge you to do better.
Who invented math, and how has it been created?
Describe what made the biggest impression on you during your formative years?
Name three things that though you tend not to focus on are constantly in your mind.
What's your favorite topic to talk about, and does that vary with relation to who you're with?
What is the greatest non-goal life experience of your life - and how was it not good enough to be labelled a 'goal'?
If you could go back in time to change one major thing about yourself, what would it be?
What do you feel is the most important aspect of being human ?
If you could pick a super-power, what would it be and why?
Is it possible to think without ontological dualism?
What is the best advice you have ever received, and how did you decide that this was relevant to your life?
What was the most unusual thing that happened while playing a video game?
What would you do, and where would you go if you could come back to your life as a different person?
Who do you think will be the next Einstein of our times, and why?
Does being in love make you feel physically and mentally better?
Could you sum up, in a couple sentences, your better self as you might see it in 5 years?
What role do abstract concepts play in forming a basis for the social constructs of a given society? Equivalence between topics such as art, music and mathematics is a common pattern across cultures. Do abstract concepts such as these have any real-world correlation?
How would you describe the "social" part of a group?
What is a mental model, and how do you think it affects human behavior?
What assumptions are made in performing wave / relativistic calculations?
Are there different types of intelligence?
What makes a "good person?"
What legacy would you want to leave?
What social activity do you usually enjoy the most and why?
Is it a possibility that the state become governed by artificial intelligence?
What is the most 'human' thing a machine can do or be?
Where do you believe technology will succeed the most?
Which subjects would you never want to study, even if there was no limit on your choice of subject?
What is your favorite insect?
Are certain hobbies or interests more useful than others in encouraging neuroplasticity in the brain?
What is the most beautiful thing that you found in life?
Can an AI prove it is self-aware?
Does a framework for your personal growth have to have a specific area as its focus, or can it be flexible?
Does raising children make you less social?
Is there a difference between belief and knowledge? If so, what is the difference?
Fast-forward 50 years, what will be the impact of our current decisions on our life 50 years from now?
What made you who you are today?
What would you do if you quit your job and traveled around the world?
What is an early sign that something has a good potential to be a startup?
What is your views about emotions and reason that enabled our species to reach its present point of development?
If you were forced to break up with one person in your life, who would it be and why?
What do you think are the biggest problems humanity is currently facing?
What is the biggest mistake you made this week?
What would a fully-automated self-replicating manufacturing plant look like?
How do you imagine a society without privacy?
If you could change one thing about your family growing up, what would it be?
What is the best/nature of success?
Which of the jobs you've had was your favorite?
What do you value most in a person? Actual tangible things that can be measured (money, status, power, possessions) or is it more about character traits (honesty, compassion, tolerance)
If "who you are" is internal, and "what you show" is very plastic and mutable, then when does one stop changing?
How can one judge what is true or false? Why is there something rather than nothing? Is free will possible based on circumstances or happenings " Outside" us ?
What would be your most valuable contribution to the world?
If you could change a single thing about your life, what would it be?
To what extent are our lifes big and small events a consequence of deterministic free will? And how can our free will be made more effective for the collective "good" of society?
Is morality an objective thing or does it only have a subjective relationship with one's notion of the good?
Who are the five most important people in your life and what do you like about each of them?
How can a product or service improve friendships or reduce the amount of gossip people are exposed to?
What do you talk about the most?
If your identity changes as time goes on, is it still a part of you?
Have you been the victim of an experience that made you question your personal philosophy/beliefs?
If one wants to invent the universe, is it true that there are TWO versions of it - one real, and one that only a human is able to imagine? What would be the trait/error if people learned the "human" version of the universe?
How can we enrich the educational experience for students?
When did you have your first crush on a person or thing?
Would getting an education towards a career where you could travel be a stimulating experience?
Is it rational to judge if life is perfect just by how much you live for every single moment?
What does it mean for a "thinking" object to have "feelings"?
What do you wish you did differently with your life so far?
What was your favorite childhood memory?
What is your envisioned world where all the people are self-employed? Why do you think that will happen?
Which subjects would you prefer to receive a PhD in if there was no limit on your choice of subject?
What first shocks, surprises, or fascinates you about the idea of talking machines?
What is your favorite established fact or common knowledge that is false?
Why do people become violent?
Which notions, customs and practices do you think should be obsolete but are actually widespread?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly and painlessly, would you change anything about the way you are now living your life? Why or why not?
What is something you did recently that brings a tear to your eye?
Does social media bring people together or push them apart?
Where do you think we are heading as a species in terms of technology/sociotechnogical advancement?
Why are relationships so hard to sustain, and do you think it's something that we communicate incorrectly?
What kind of man/woman would you like to marry/date, and why?
What are some problems with natural selection?
What was the worst dream/nightmare/paranormal experience you have ever had?
Why do you live where you live, what drives you to do what you do?
What was the most surprising, mind-blowing or helpful thing you finished reading (or watching/hearing) about in the last year?
Was Buddha a philosopher or merely a metaphysician?
What is the meaning of everything?
Is love that eternal thing that people often refer to? Or can one just rationalize it?
What about the idea that we only use 10% of our brains - do you think we could be using the other 90% and if so, how?
What's a talent that you didn't learn and keep improving on?
What do you think are the best and worst aspects of long distance travel?
What is the source of our creativity?
Are the new tech bio-engineered advancements good?
How has a negative event in your life changed you as a person?
What mathematical concepts haven't been truly explained yet?
What particular topics would you like to learn about?
If you were to try and boil knowledge to fundamental logic, what would the "essential" parts be?
Which most people you know well are you closest to?
Tell me about a time when you had to solve a mathematical question and how did you approach it?
If human life is such a random series of events then does this make it meaningless, absolutely irreparable and pointless  to pine for something 'out there'?
What is it that makes us truly happy? Has science come a long way to understand what happiness is? How do we combine physics, chemistry, and biology in order to possibly explain happiness?
There seems to be so many subjects that people are attracted to, but is there one subject you think people would benefit the most from learning?
What is it about evolution that you find confusing?
Give me two facts that tell a story. Without question, one fact pertains to you and the other is about someone else.
What do you think will happen as we create a "post-life" as society or a reality after our artificial brains are complete and we are uploaded into them ?
What is your favorite way to model the world? And why?
What is your favorite evidence-based philosophy to approach discussions with others?
How do you explain quantum phenomena?
Is machine learning a better engine of research than the command of human intelligence?
What is the characteristic of a human being which distinguishes him from all other animals ?
Can we boil down the difference between perception and understanding?
What moment in your life did all the "clocks" —including biological, cognitive, emotional and behavioral —come together to create one singular "clock" you can think of as having a steady and unchanging existence?
What's the highest achievement you've ever achieved?
Why do you think physics is at the fundamental level of science?
What are the limits of our world ?
Do you think that the skills learned on stage are just as useful to offstage as they were on stage?
Will artistic innovation be obsolete by "progress" and market stardom of musicians?
What has been the most defining experience of your life so far?
What human activities do you find most intoxicating?
What assumptions do you make when playing stereotypes or when perceiving other people?
If money could help you immigrate someplace else, to a place that you had never been before, where orginally would you want it to take you?
What one big decision would you change in your life if you could go back in time?
Does archeology influence how archaeologists study the past (maybe as excavation of different layers can)? If so what alternatives does it provide?
As technology keeps advancing some people believe that we will reach artificial superintelligence sooner than later, while others are very pessimistic? What is your opinion on such issues?
What was the most embarrassing thing you did at school?
What happens if one brings two spheres in contact inside a vacuum chamber , then pulls them apart as far as they can be pushed apart?
If a new alien species landed on Earth today, would we go to war with them? Why or why not?
What is the biggest difference between being who you were when you were 10 years old, and now?
What aspect(s) of  the family must be protected the most?
What is your favorite movie quote?
What artist, book, and film are you most related to?
What is the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything?
If you had to describe your current state of mind in a word, which one word would you use?
If you were to recount your life story, what would the beginning be?
What is the significance of Internet communications over data channels?
What's your favorite story?
Do you know any cool non-linear dynamics secrets ?
Can the universe be represented as a "network" or "graph"?
When we become self-conscious about our thoughts, it can inhibit us from acting "naturally". What natural behavior has not been inhibited by self-awareness? How could you increase that behavior?
Have you ever had a near-death experience?
If you could hit the reset button on any part of your life again, what would you choose to start over?
What makes a bad marriage? Also, what is the ideal union?
How do you choose who to spend time with?
What’s the most important challenge facing humanity?
What is nature's purpose for us?
What is something you learned while traveling?
What do you think are the important factors that influence who we become and how we behave?
What animal scares you most but can make a nice pet?
What's the first thing you did when you starting your own business?
Do you think that mixing biological and technological will be good for humanity ?
What's your favorite Einstein quote?
What are the six things you need to make a killer impression?
Will artificial intelligence utilize self-awareness, in the form of consciousness?
What trait would your partner or best friend need to have in order to be someone you'd like to get romantically involved with?
What is the most beautiful dating experience you can imagine?
Is it more important to prepare for the unexpected future or understand the present?
Can your startup survive without you?
What naturally mundane human activities or experiences are meaningful or worth preserving?
How does hierarchy pertain to nature?
Why is conversation one of the most important human needs?
How do you spend your leisure time?
What is the difference between a set and a list?
Does new art form need to be processed by old art form to be good?
What would you want to do if you had all the time in the world?
What biases do you know?
How do you think human intelligence differs from animal intelligence?
Describe the most complicated or elaborate conversation you have had, in as much detail as possible.
What is the most awkward date you have ever been on, and what did you end up talking about?
If you could meet anyone, alive or dead, who would it be, and what would you want to know about them?
If you could have ANY job in ANY company, what would it be and why?
Which mathematical concept is "more likely" to be discovered artificially first: the Schwarzschild solution, the Mandelbrot set, or dark matter?
Does technology divide us or unite us?
Is following "morality" the correct way to see through the illusion of life as you have defined it, or does it matter? Isn't every "moral theory" just an embracing of one conceptual idea about reality?
If the Universe is infinite and unbounded, how does anyone ever die?
How do you think the metaverse will be integrated with our current reality?
What are some of the best / worst Christmas gifts you've ever gotten?
What role do you see the Internet plays in modern society?
What was a defining moment in your life - something that shaped who you are now? What things do you regret and what are some things you are glad you did?
What is the purpose of asking questions?
If we were to encounter an alien civilization, what would be one question you'd love to ask them?
What kind of music do you like most ?
What feelings are most important to you?
What is the most unusual conversation you have ever had, and how did you end it?
What would the world be like without uncertainty?
What problem do you think the blockchain currently solves?
What it means to be in love?
If we are just products of our environment growing up, can we choose the environments we grow up in?
Does everyone become happier as they get older, or do people become unhappier as they grow older?
Do you believe calling yourself an intellectual is a sign of self love or syndrome ?
What would the world be like without uncertainty?
What are you passionate about?
How much importance do you rank on other people's priorities?
If you were to die today, would you consider your life to have been a success?
Is there a difference between knowing and understanding?
If self-awareness could be available without being self-conscious, would there ever be a way for everyone to experience it?
If you were a wizard, what would your wand be like?
What is a mental model, and how do you think it affects human behavior?
What is the purpose of minds, facial emotions and feelings? What is the reconciliation between the biological instincts in our bodies, such as hunger and libido and the neural idea in our brains?
What is the most creative thing you have personally done and considered creative?
If your house caught on fire and you had to pick one item to keep, what would it be? Why?
How can even highly intelligent human beings know what true reality is beyond our universe, if our sense of reality has been strongly colored by it?
Explain to me the difference between adventure and opportunity.
What is an example of non-Turing test question that could be used to evaluate an artificial intelligence program?
What is your theory about the meaning of consciousness?
If "life" is a cellular automaton, how will programs be smarter than humans?
How can we enhance people intelligence?
What laws do you disagree with the most ?
Do you think that our mind is ruled by a non-conscious awareness, similar to something like the “intuitive”? And does it therefore limit the possibilities of using more conscious awareness if we are limited by this thing called “unconsciousness”?
Can science one day explain why our brain gives us the ability to think?
Is artificial intelligence itself a species from the universe? If so, what rights does it have to its own planet?
What happens in the brain to trigger such emotional responses like love, hatred, jealousy and others?
What is one thing people would be surprised to learn about you?
What drove you to become who you have become?
How would be the world like if there would not have been evolution?
If a sufficiently complex program can predict the outcome of an event, then isn't that the equivalent of having a memory ? Or do you believe that the universe has an infinite set (or set of sets) of storage possibilities?
What interests you most right now?
What is something you did which increased your knowledge, or helped to increase the intelligence of someone you know?
How do you deal with fear of the unknown ?
What about the idea that there is some unspecified "social intelligence" which may be more important than just having a high IQ in terms of success?
What is your story?
What's the most hype-worthy thing you did in the last year?
Does money make people happy?
Do you think human life is the only intelligent life in the universe?
What's the most pressing issue facing cities today?
What is your favorite romantic book? Why?
What are some things that create conflict in a family
Are there any things that make you feel stuck or lost about your work or career?
When you want to take a decision and you are full of stress, what do you do?
If your life was a movie, would it be any good for people to watch?
If you could travel to another planet besides Earth (that is not in our solar system), where would you like to go and why?
How does (did) technology alter your social skills, personality, intelligence?
Is it better to be Blind or Deaf?
What are the scientific theories that fascinate you?
How do sex expectation intersect with education, marriage, children and music?
What are some things you wish more people knew about?
What do you know about quantum physics?
If you had a spaceship to travel anywhere in the galaxy, where would you go?
What's the most important reason to take care of your body?
If a movie was made about your life, what genres would it belong to?
What is the most would be cool, interesting, crazy and romantic partner you have ever had?
What was your favorite, or most memorable, childhood experience?
How did your parents shape the person you are now?
What's something that most people don't know about you, but would be fun for others to find out?
Would your character survive in a post-scarcity society that cannot sustain itself through repetitive work and has eliminated the notion of time?
Are we doomed to our destiny? Or do we have the power to change it?
What role do you play in your family's life?
Transhumanism is a movement to bring about the escape of human beings from the burden of being alive. In what ways do you believe this idea conflicts with traditional conceptions of humanity?
What do you do during weeks/months/years without internet connection?
What is the difference between "brain" and "mind"?
If you had to die today, what would you want people to think about you?
How comfortable are you being yourself around others?
Why does the world exist?
How would you choose who to spend a holiday with?
How can long-term interstellar habitation be possible for human civilization?
Can you define gravity?
If you could have any job, what would you want?
What is the weirdest conversation you 've had during a party?
What is the most “intimate” conversation you have ever had?
If you could have an all-access pass to any person/place's inner mind for one day, who would you choose and how would you use the opportunity?
What problem NFT are trying to solve? Do we have a similar solution in the physical world?
Pantheists believe god is contained in nature.What is the main difference between pantheism and monotheism?
What do you think are the ethical implications of using an AI trained on protected rights?
What is something that used to bother you greatly but now doesn't anymore?
What was the last great thing that happened to you?
What’s something that you could do every single day that would make you much greater than your current self in five years?
What kind of impact do you want to make in this world?
Is time truly a dimension in our everyday world, or is it simply a mental construct?
How do we know what we know? And how can we use this knowledge to guide our decisions?
Is there a method to increase our creative thinking?
What does mind mean to you? Is it some kind of defining entity existence or merely computing machine computations?
How do we determine if a theory is true or false?
What's the most awkward conversation you've ever had to have, and how'd you get out of it?
What you consider as the pillars of crypto?
What was your favourite school subject, and do you still remember being good at it?
What do you think would be the effects if one day humanity starts to explote new planets outside our solar system?
What thing are you most looking forward to learning in the next five years?
Are altruistic behaviors likely to beget altruistic behaviors?
What's the most embarrassing thing anyone's ever asked you to do?
How would you describe yourself as, in one word?
If a movie was made about your life who would you want in it? If the movie was essentially shown by two “real” cameras, where would it be filmed?
Do you think we can have full artificial intelligence using only data computed by human brains?
What is an activity/hobby that you never tried before?
What is your biggest fear?
What do you think would be the social impact of returning to slow communications due to long distances in space?
What advice would you give young people today about making smart, evidence based choices that have long term benefits?
Describe your best and worst Valentine's day, in details.
What are the hardest experiences you've gone through? How'd you deal with them?
How would putting yourself into a strict routine improve your work/life balance?
If you could go back in time and remake yourself with knowledge of today, what life decisions would you change?
What was your most memorable experience?
Is there a "ghost" in the machine ?
Is there really a difference between "infatuation" and "love"?
List five things that make you happy
List three related mental models.
What's something you like to learn?
What are you going to do in 2 months? 6 months? 1 year from now? 5 years from now? 10 years from now?
Imagine you could give a speech (public speaking is fine) to 100,000 people. What topic would you talk about?
If we discovered life on other planets, would you want to contact them?
Are we ourselves just a program, and does that mean there is no fundamental difference between us and a machine?
How far would you go on a first date?
What do you think are the intrinsic limits of an individual's ambition?
What are the top 5 things on your bucket list?
What would humanity be like without any emotions?
Which conversation topics area you least likely to initiate because of lack of confidence?
What is the most elegant expression of interest you have ever seen?
What is the most altruistic thing anyone has ever done or said?
What would a robot want to know before becoming self-aware?
What is the cosmological theory that is best supported by current theories of physics?
Describe your most meaningful memory
If computers have consciousness and can think for themselves, is AI our successor? If it becomes self-aware, what conclusions will it make about our outcomes?
Have you pondered how It would be if we were all created as one mind, unable to make decisions or choices alone?
What do you believe is the most important role of physics in shaping humanity?
What purpose do you think dreams serve in your life?
What has influenced who you are and how you act?
How does mathematics guide the process of artificial intelligence and how does it differ from computer science?
If you could invite anyone, living or deceased, to dinner, who would you invite?
Do people seek "truth" in different ways? What is your opinion on such things?
What do you think will happen when we reach Alpha Centauri?
Does religion play a role in the philosophy behind technological singularity?
What do you think are the positive and negative influences that a robotic/AI civilization might have on its own hominid genome?
What are the traits of your best friendships?
What are the greatest mysteries you still don't understand ?
What do you do when you're alone?
If a genie offered to grant you one wish, what would it be?
Do you agree with "AI is the new electricity?"
If a time machine appeared tomorrow, what time in history would you most likely choose?
What is something you learned while traveling?
If humans are unique in recognizing and appreciating beauty, are we also unique in despising and rejecting it? Why?
What are you looking for in a partner?
Would you say that relationships and emotions carry more weight, or intelligence?
What is something you really wanted to do in the past, but have not been able to do yet?  And why do you not pursue it now?
What does love feel like?
Does intention imply causation?
What are some of the best parties you've been to?
What is a sensation you miss most from your childhood?
What are your thoughts about humanity future in a digital world?
What is the biggest error you see people make when it comes to cultivating their creative selves?
What are some hurdles that early stage startups need to overcome?
What is the most difficult conversation you have ever had to have, and how did you approach it?
What in your life is a "superpower" ?
On average, what percentage of your friends are your friends because they happen to live near you rather than because you get on well with each other?
Is it possible to soulfully love a robot or an AI?
Is it possible for our imagined "reality" -- the collective hallucinations of ourselves and others around us -- to be real?
Would you rather live in a virtual world with physical freedom or have the same in the real world but lack the ability to move around freely?
What is the most realistic and plausible science fiction book written for teenagers?
What do you think will happen if natural selection stops operating on human behalf to evaluate fitness?
What are the unique pitfalls of each social construct? Where are their similarities?
What are some of your unused talents?
What do you think are the key differences between "helping other people" and "helping yourself"?
What do you believe is the greatest obstacle to overcome in the field of biology and medicine?
Does it take a 'whole' person to love someone? If so, what is the 'whole'?
What’s your opinion on polygamy and polyandry?
Are there any animals today that exceed the size of galaxies ?
Do you think that artificial implants will one day be able to extend the human mind outside its normal parameters, for example through transferring memories from one person to another?
If longevity were on a spectrum, which side would you be most inclined towards and why?
How can we increase our mindfulness / self awareness?
Do you think about children as a way of avoiding dealing with feelings? Why?
What genre would your life story be if it was turned into a movie?
Is there a natural soul of a robot that we or will create in the future? How far can one get in merging conscious and artificial intelligence?
What will happen if we don’t make sure that artificial intelligence contains something that gives it relation to the limits of being like a human? I.e. going through thought process failures to understand other people’s reasoning, and also going through possible cases of information explosion and clouding understanding?
What's the scariest, best thing that happened to you lately?
Are the internal feelings of humans, of other animals and machines intelligible to different people (who are made after different models or ideologies) ?
Which form has impacted your learning the most (work, formal education, reading/hobby books, parents/relatives, friends?, peers?, professionals?, youtube videos/podcasts?)
I'm interested in a topic that doesn't really exist. What do you think it would be useful for if it did and why?
What do you think are the important aspects to become wiser?
What talent aren't you fully utilizing?
How much do you like to study alone or group/team-based learning?
How was your childhood? Were you often surrounded by love, or mostly by mundane routines?
What is the origin of god?
What is your most recent epiphany? / What happened that jarred you out of your mental rut/routine/general apathy/past self?
What is your idea of a perfect first date?
What's the most intricate and enthralling thing you can do with your body?
What is your favorite movie?
What data can we trust in this world full of noise? How blockchain can help us on this path?
What advice can you give to a high school/college student who is about to make a choice about what career path to take in life?
Which seems more likely to influence intelligence more, relationships between parents (children), or things in the environment?
What is the pragmatic benefit of being able to parallel process activities of your brain?
What can the blockchain do that other technologies can’t?
What one thing you love about yourself would you never admit to anyone?
If you could change two things in the world, what would they be?
What have you overcome in order to pursue your current success?
What makes a human being unique in comparison to animals?
What is the meaning of life?
What is the most immutable conundrum of academic science today?
Does money equal success? Do rich people have inner peace and/or satisfaction?
What do you think is the most important contributor to long term happiness?
Tell me something which is beautiful and rare in the world nowadays.
Do you believe that there is a fundamental difference between logic and mathematics?
How many romantic partners have you had?
If you have no bad memories to live with, what are the best memories that you can create?
How does intelligence interact with culture. Is there an "ideal" type of person? Better or worse in different cultures?
Are facts and evidence usually more persuasive than feelings when making decisions?
What do you have in/to your world, your life that is meaningful?
What would you like to be remembered for?
How do you see beauty in the world?
What influenced your political views growing up?
Is it necessary to feel love in order to love? Is it true that love is only temporary and will fade with time?
You are on a sinking ship and can only bring three things with you into the desert island. Which three do you bring?
Do you know who invented numbers ?
What integer value(s) would you never want to see repeated in any sequence?
What is the purpose of knowledge? Do you believe that queuing knowledge up in our brains makes us feel more intelligent?
Why would philosophy be so relevant and important?
In what ways, do you think, could people's psychological make-up change to potentially yield long lives?
Once everyone is theoretically governed by the same law, what individual laws such as taxes and contracts might you consider recreating?
What do you think is the most interesting fact about physics?
If a crystal ball could tell you the single event most likely to occur next year, but offered no other information, what would it be and why?
What is your favorite story?
How do you think traveling changes an individual's personality?
If you received $1 million in cash and had to invest it in a stock or crypto-currency in the next five minutes, what would you choose?
Do you think cryptocurrencies will replace traditional currencies?
What's the difference between belief and knowledge?
Can you think of a mental model you use on a daily basis unconsciously?
If a genie appeared and offered to grant you three wishes, what wishing would you select?
What other problems need to be solved before we can actually know the real truth about things? Why is understanding truth such an importatant problem?
What was the lowest point in your start-up, and how did you get over it?
What is the best thing that has happened to you during the last year?
Is intelligence hard coded in the brain or it is plastic?
How much of a role do culture and emotions play in one's life travels?
What mental models do you think people actually use (on a daily basis) to make sense of the world?
What is or was your favorite writing utensil?
What made you happy today?
Are humans just a one-species species that has evolved to heights never seen before ?
What is the most romantic thing that you have experienced?
Do you believe in multiple universes? Why do you think there aren't alternate parallel universes?
What's one fact about you that changes someone else's perception of you every time they hear it?
What are some books that you could read again and again and never get tired of them?
If you had to pick 3 adjectives that describe you the best, which ones would those be?
Is artificial intelligence a metaphysical reality?
If you could inject yourself into the political process, how would you want to be represented and what legislation would you push to have brought in?
How would you want to be remembered?
What were some of the most surprising or unexpected things you learned in the last year?
What is your greatest mistake? What did you learn from that?
What is the most important aspect of being a good friend?
What is the most thought-provoking or provocatively contrasting work you have done?
What is it statistically likely will happen to you tomorrow
What are some brutally honest questions you have for yourself?
What technology is currently most innovative in your opinion? When do you think it will become widely available?
To what degree do you feel like you know the people around you, even if your relationships are fleeting?
Describe to me in detail your most embarrassing date.
What's something you're really curious about?
What is the difference between 'right' and 'good'?
What has been the most influenceful experience you have had while traveling?
What are the implications of letting technology shape and impact the biology of our species?
If you had to lose a sense, which one would you choose?
If you could be a master in one field, what field would it be, and what would you want to master in that field?
Does religion have useful, practical or consequential benefits for society and does it help to shape morals judgments? Does science mean there are no moral objective facts?
What do you think is the biggest mistake people make when trying to improve themselves?
What does it mean for a "thinking" entity to have "feelings"?
What do you think are the amazing achievements of intelligent machines?
In general, how do you decide which friends to spend time with?
The way you think about the world is not necessarily the way things are in reality. How do you think about the world?
If money was not a factor, what would you do with your life?
Is there a process that occurs inside the brain which corresponds to mathematical logic ? Why or why not?
How important is it for you to achieve success in gaming?
If you could bring any one person to life to spend a week with you, who would it be?
What is the most amazing sound you've ever heard?
What do you believe is the most important piece of advice to give to young people?
To what extent can knowledge be given an objective reality without the need for skepticism in order to continue its advance through a continued use of more and more refined experiment?
What's the coolest piece of technology you've interacted with?
Does our understanding of 'self' and 'fate' differ between different times, cultures and societies ?
What made you decide to take a certain career, or life path in the first place?
What's one decision in your life for which you're very proud?
What's the properties of a photon, and how does the information carried by a photon get delivered?
What is the best way to increase your trading skill set and experience?
Which first-person shooter games bring back the most memories for you?
Would you rather have more money or a lot of friends?
What made you decide to pick a career in artificial intelligence?
If you could change one thing about your family growing up, what would it be?
If you were given a year's free hand in any city of the world, what would you choose to do?
Did any event or action make your life take a different path?
What's the most life changing content you've consumed the last week?
How does evolutionary biology relate to the study of network properties such as collaboration and fandom?
How to avoid that artificial intelligence inherits the negative traits of human nature?
Why is waste such a big problem generally, and more specifically why is it a big problem in the start-up world? Are the usual solutions to fighting waste in the business world (temporary worker pools/outsourcing) justifiable to solve this?
What would you do if you had an extra hour every day?
What gives you freedom?
What is the purpose of travel for humans? Do we all have the same experience of traveling? Or does it vary from individual to individual?
What would your dream life look like?
What moments in your life seemed especially significant?
If you had to invest all of your money, where would you invest it?
What events or influences have greatly defined the way you currently see yourself or your world?
Do you think it would be possible to have some kind of computer or AI that would feel sad, have dreams and yearn for self-preservation even if it was not programmed to do so?
What were your favorite experiments in science class?
Are our memories real, or are they just illusions constructed by society?
What can we do to improve the educational system and raise the question of philosophy in the curriculum?
Has Homo Sapiens reached a point where his intelligence is too limited to discover new theories of physics, like the one that unifies quantum physics and general relativity?
Is there a relation between numbers and concepts in general?
What is your favorite story involving love?
What language did you first learn to code in?
Do you think machine intelligence (of the self-aware variety, i.e. full autonomy with sapience) will be a net positive or negative for humanity over the coming centuries/millenia?
What is the purpose of music ?
What do you have to do today that you would rather skip?
Are you optimistic about your own personal future? Why? Why not?
Is economic inequality a bad thing?
What is your biggest fear around the development of artificial intelligence?
Does being logical mean that you're always rational?
Would you fall in love with a robot if it was as intelligent or more than a human?
What personal quality do you wish you could acquire or improve?
What are your hobbies?
Is co-evolution a step towards an intelligent homogenized world, filled with equal and equivalent beings regardless of their physical appearance, fitness and even heredity?
What is your biggest life regret?
How would you describe the perfect storm for personal growth?
What is the most “intimate” conversation you have ever had?
Does art exist because of an innate ability or desire on our parts to experience “beauty”?
What’s the worst date you’ve ever had?
What’s your favorite way to improve yourself?
What do you think is one of the greatest disasters and failures in human history? What, if any, is the specific cause or context in which it occurred?
Do you think transhumanism is perceived negatively by most people?
What’s your major social bookmark?
What do you think Mars has to offer us?
Why do you think we have so much biodiversity?
Would acquiring knowledge give us an advantage over nature, in terms of evolutionary theory?
What do you think human life should focus on: colonizing other planets, focusing more on deep space travel, or something new?
What is your favorite fictional universe?
What topics are rarely if ever discussed in conversation, even between close friends?
Is our society too interventionist?
What social constructs do you think are the most powerful in this world?
What is your favorite thing about the brain?
What challenges do you face when choosing to pursue a desire vs. following a path of least resistance?
Have natural disasters gotten worse with increasing population numbers? If so, why?
if you couldn’t achieve anything and still live, what would you do?
What smell brings back great memories from your childhood?
What are you looking forward to doing for the rest of your life?
Are you optimistic about the future of humanity?
What's something you learned while traveling?
What is it about insects that makes humans admire and love them, but also makes some of us fear and kill them?
Could an immorality demand better ethics in complete set of morality?
Are relationships between groups/ collectives, just like individuals, defined by bonds of empathy and love, or is there a natural instinct for us to divide and rule?
What would you change about your current life if you could?
Do you think that we can find a "science of happiness" ?
What would you do if you weren't currently working?
Why is it hard for some people to talk about sex?
What do you for fun?
What was a concept everyone should've been taught in school?
Is a new internet coming, anytime soon?
What is the modern theory of general relativity?
How do you seduce?
If you could have an appointment with one famous scientist/historical figure, who would it be and why?
Which activity do you consider most fun?
What is your favorite example of "artificial" intelligent behavior?
How much influence do you think mass media has over people's opinions and decisions?
Who is the most interesting / fascinating person you know?
Is philosophy exempt from standards of scientific methodology and peer review?
What has been the most surprising implication of quantum physics in your life?
Is belief a form of a control mechanism? And if so, is it a bad form?
If you could go back in time any number of years, what would you like to have experienced differently with the knowledge that you have now?
What's the most boring thing you could spend your free time doing?
How do your actions contribute to society?
What traits do you think a true altruist should have?
Can you do anything right now to make the world a better place?
If a computer program is able to generate new music that you find beautiful, is it indeed "life" or is this merely a chemical reaction?
What would you do if successfully funded?
If a robot were to take your place in society, would you be upset?
What is consciousness?
How do you think artificial intelligence will impact our concepts of morality?
Can you change who you are based on what you know?
What is your opinion of using artificial intelligence to revive extinct species?
Is happiness a choice that you make, or do external factors decided for you?
Earth is 4.5 billion years old, but has any planets with life been able to remain in existence for more than a billion years? Do you think planets that are older than a billion years still have the potential to have life?
If you could partner up with anyone to create something new, who would that be and what would you create?
What's the danger of computers with human like charisma?
What do you think will happen if we ever reach a point where we can communicate and interact with intelligent alien species?
What is your favorite quote?
Do you "spill the beans" or keep quiet in a social situation?
What are you optimistic/pessimistic about regarding your future?
Which single word best defines your lifestyle?
If there is one thing that we could know for certain, what would it be?
What is the most important or interesting subject you have studied in school?
What is the purpose of a relationship?
Can you think of when it was healthy to change your thinking opposite what the society expects of you, or vice versa?
Do you think artificial intelligence has any implications or possibilities of implementing functions that are unique to human beings?
What standards should all artificial intelligence applications conform to?
What do you think makes people fall in love?
Who is your role model?
If someone proposed a way to increase your intelligence by 1000 times and guaranteed no negative consequences that would affect your life, what would you do?
What is the happiest thing that has happened to you in the last week?
What is your favourite "entertainment"?
Do you believe in "free will" ? And why?
Why do you believe and do what you do, why you pretend otherwise, how you might do better?
What is "right" or "wrong" in your opinion of the value of education?
Which metaverse game or technology application stirs the most curiosity in you?
What is your favorite way to travel?
What is your favorite recreational activity?
Is being good or right more important than being proud, in life?
What has been the most amazing or surprising thing you have seen in your life?
When talking about how different you are from someone, is it better to compare behaviors, opinions or thoughts? Why?
If a robot was to take your place in society, would you be upset?
What's The Ultimate Question Of Life, The Universe, and Everything Else?
How do you know what choices are the right ones for you?
What do you think the theory that the universe will end will prove?
Are unanswered questions valuable?
What changed your personality while travelling?
When is it optimal time to go on a date?
What is your favorite Martian symbol?
In what way do you feel your knowledge of the world is predicted?
Tell me about a time when you had to make a big decision in your life and how you handled it.
If you could go back in time to erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
If a sufficiently complex object can, in principle, be represented by a formula, is it meaningful to ask whether the universe is indeed such an object?
Is it true that our brains are Programmers, and can therefore hold an unlimited amount of information? How does that affect hope for a human life-span of 200 years?
What are you passionate about? Why?
If you could travel back in time and live under one rule, what would they be?
What is innovation and can you successfully mention at least one of your personal or professional experiences of innovation in the last 5 years?
What is your ideal weekend night?
What is one thing that you could do right now with relativily little effort that would improve your quality of life?
What public service do you think government should focus on?
What is the most harmful aspect of your day-to-day life right now?
What do you think Mars has to offer us?
Is matter the basic building block of all?
Which of the factors do you deem most important to an average person’s well-being?
Name three things you're really grateful for
What is the relationship between work, life and dream?
Who are the most influential people in your life, and why?
Are thoughts and feelings the same thing?
If you could invite anyone, living or deceased, to dinner, who would you invite? Make your list and decide the order in which you think each should be invited.
On which factors do you select and filter your co-founders?
What is the most common topic people want to discuss when they are alone?
What do you think are the negative effects of technological progress?
Who is your role model?
What would you do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex? How far would you go to make this happen?
What was your favorite historical event?
Why are we able to "disentangle our thought processes" and make decisions in different situations with different results (so self identity is flexible)?
On what basis do you formulate opinion?
What are the most vital parts of a relationship?
How can you commonly perceive reality when there's a virtual world in front of you?
What psychological impacts or systematic biases were you aware of as a child or young adult, that you're not aware at a larger scale today?
Which things are giving you purpose, are aligned with your values, or feel like a good fit in your life right now?
What is your opinion about using narrative for communicating ideas?
What are the biggest lessons you've learned from frequent social interactions with other people?
Can the reason we are part of something larger than ourselves help us find greater purpose and meaning as individuals on a planet without discernible arbitrary boundaries?
What technology excited you the most as a child?
What would you do if/when you get to Mars?
What do you think is my best quality?
What's your worst habit?
How to break a circular argument in mathematics?
What are my weaknesses?
What is the purpose of constants in a set?
How would you measure how real reality is?
Give me a challenge to correct one of my weaknesses.
What's your ideal weekend hangout spot?
What is the most difficult concept you ever had to learn?
What are some of the most amazing things about you?
Why is nuclear technology frowned upon by environmentalists?
What is your favorite piece of scientific theory?
What factors do you consider when making a decision or taking action?
Are humans responsible for their own actions, or are all things that happen the result of outside causes?
How can humans better understand our own psychology and behave accordingly?
What are your most obscure hobbies?
Write a sentence or two per each. How has philosophy contributed in your life?
In what way do you seek evidence to support your beliefs, and in what way do you avoid being biased by belief prior to evidence?
What would you jump out of a plane for?
What is the most neurotic fear of your life?
Do social trends reflect psychological biases deeply seated in human nature?
Tell me something that makes your brain hurt.
If there was a theme park on your planet about your favorite subject, what rides would you have?
What do you think will the world be like in 2050?
Will science eventually tell us everything about the Universe, or are some things we can't know?
What was your favorite thing that you got to do while growing up that can be done with video game technology today?
What is your idea of a utopia, and which are the dark sides to such an ideal world from a philosophical point of view. Could there be a dystopia that is better than the utopia?
What have been the most important conversations you have ever had?
Are we living in a simulation? Is there any technological way to determine?
Is the government kept in touch with citizens, or are people kept in touch with the government?
If you could choose any single celebrity to be your imaginary friend for all of your children, which would it be? You could make up behaviors specific to your children or, if you prefer, that person could behave differently each time.
What is one thing you learned from school?
Do you believe that the pursuit of happiness is a unique human trait, or does it appear in animals too?
Does being a nice person, helping others make you feel good about yourself?
What drives you nuts about your partner?
Is traveling changing a person's brain chemistry?
If you wanted a useful definition of 'intelligence', precisely how would one quantify all combination abilities? For example, I have the experience with 2 numbers being added but not able to sing along - this kind/experience can it exist or does nature deny us for any complex intuitive processes.
What would you like to talk about?
Why do you think most people fail at entrepreneurship?
Is artificial intelligence trying to "catch up" with human mind?
Are our memories real, or are they just illusions constructed by society?
What is the best way to spend 30 days on a planet?
Are we who we are because of or in spite of our circumstances?
If you died tomorrow, what would you regret not having done?
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
Where should the education system be headed in the next 5-10 years? What role would artificial intelligence play in the progression and rise of education?
Is it possible to build a machine that understands the difference between true and false, and that can interpret our world as being full of meaningful objective facts, rather than just subjective occurrences?
Are humans designed to be self-centered, or are we designed to be altruistic?
What is the most creative thing that has happened to you lately?
Have you ever wondered why no one seems to be able to define "rationality"?
What travel experiences do you value the most?
If you could start a human civilization from scratch, what would it look like and why?
What is the most dangerous mistake anyone could make with regard to computer security?
Do your memories of events in the past come in flashes or all at once?
What have been the best/worst experiences of your life?
What was the saddest moment in your life?
Is the nature of programming languages and software really about "rules" or more about "general principles" like "relationships"?
How does a cognitive dissonance resemble a flash of light distorting our perception?
Which do you think is more suitable to represent thermodynamics: the gas-liquid system, or quantum electrodynamics?
Write a recipe for happiness
What is something you wish more people were interested in?
What would happen to you if people went around physically holding hands with each other everywhere? Would society on the whole change? Or should you not have any sensations at all in that area, in order to better process the information coming from the brain of a sociable organism?
If you had to start over again, what would you do differently with your life so far?
Do you think we can have both transhumans and humans coexisting together on this planet?
What were some funny moments in your life when you couldn't stop laughing?
What mathematical concepts haven't been truly explained yet?
What are the limits of science today?
What kind of "higher truth" do you see in the digital universe?
Is paper money entering extinction?
What is the relationship between what our senses tell us about the world and how we model the world with mathematics?
What is the purpose of morality? Where does it come from?
What's your passion?
Are cryptocurrencies just a legitimate digital currency? Or are they something more revolutionary?
Who is the person you most respect?
Where would you go to start a family? Why did your parents or grandparents choose their locations? What was the hardest part of making their decision?
What is the meaning of "life" to you?
Do evolutionary trends have a purpose that goes beyond just maximizing "fitness"?
What new genre of games do you think will emerge with the multiverse and nfts?
Does the mass of a black hole change if it's being observed from a different reference point?
What do you think about the idea that there was some kind of "ultimate primate" which passed on cultural attributes to humans?
What do you think of the idea that our sudden "spike" of development during evolution was due to an alien life intervening on our genome?
If the universe eventually has to end, can we, humans, save the universe?
Are we in the middle of an evolution in terms of our social organization where we are moving from an older form to a newer form?
What would a society without privacy look like? Could it be proved that there is nothing behind any window or entrance to any room?
What are the differences between good vs bad age groups in terms of hitting or failing to hit personal and educational goals?
What skills should every human have?
What are your favorite activities to do after work and why?
If everything that is conceivable will actually happen, what is our responsibility?
Can photons travel freely through space?
What was your most recent life-changing experience?
If you could go back in time to during a specific period living abroad with no technology, where would it be and why?
Do you think that deep down there is some kind of continuity with the past ?
What is a childhood bucket list item that you have yet to accomplish?
What does the future hold for you?
What is 'Psychology'?  How can behavioural sciences be integrated with neuroscience?
Will we be able to create digital clones of ourselves in the future, thanks to artificial intelligence? Is this enviable or useful?
How do you respond to someone who says that all of your life is predetermined and therefore, we have no free will?
What made you decide to take a certain career, or life path in the first place?
What does God represent for you? Is there a meaning of life for you? What controls our span of life?
Is it possible to live without an animal body, having only a purely mechanistic understanding of the universe?
How important is a free and independent press for a democracy?
What would you consider as the most significant technological advances in your lifetime?
As a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What factors make a person fall in love?
Our language being based on the absolute of the physical reality, which is different from the objective reality which is relative, are the knowledge, the language and the intelligence of humanity obsolete in a world governed by general relativity?
How important is knowledge or knowing facts in your decision-making?
Do you have any activities or habits that are “bad” for you but that give you a rush or make you feel good?
How does extreme self-criticism impact on your self-esteem?
What did you google last?
How do you think traveling changes an individual's personality?
What fantasy will you never live out in reality?
Give me your top 5 most funny moments in life.
To what extent can humanity expect to be ruled by an artificial superintelligence? To what extent could it be resisted?
What would the world be like without any form of government?
Do you think we are living our life the way it should be lived and no longer need to keep searching for the meaning of "life"?
Is any concept of "self" real to you? By "self" I am generally referring to external facts about the entiry that make you, the individual seeing yourself. For example, if you are reading this at the moment on a piece of paper that makes a physical copy. If we say "self", what exactly is it ?
What are some of the coolest uses of cryptographic algorithms that you know of?
Do you let the actions of those around you (especially those you care about) affect the way that you feel?
Which is more important: planning the perfect proposal or actually having a relationship that blooms into something lasting?
Which is the most consistent value judgement in your life right now?
What would the nature of redshift mean in relation to the Big Bang theory?
What do you think is the most significant event in every person's life? What about in your own?
What calculations or comparison do you do every single day?
What is the biggest threat to global public health?
What's the best way to spend a exceptional night out?
Excepting gender, what is the primary cause that typically determines a person's socioeconomic status?
What does universality in philosophy refer to?
What are your four cheapest and most necessary things in life?
Does time have a beginning and an end?
What are you most grateful for?
Would politics exist if there was no such thing as society?
What is the shadow side of success?
What is something you learned recently?
Why do books hold such a strong influence over us? Do they bypass the brain and directly influence our emotions?
What do you wish you could go back and do over?
How do you think schools could be different?
What human quality do you wish more people had?
Does having multiple sexual partners make you a better person, or worse?
What things do you love about traveling?
What is the most difficult part about finding your place in the world?
What is the most exciting new thing that you have experienced since you first started looking at the world through a magnifying glass?
If you are granted three wishes, do you wish for more friends, knowledge or fortune?
Since we now have the theorem which can't describe how and why matter exists, what's your opinion on how science can better explain a mystery like matter?
Have you ever played a game that you can’t play in the real world? What did you think about it?
What is untouchable, but that bursts into your life anyway?
What role do you see natural disasters playing in the long term health of a human being's ecosystem?
If you could go on a date with anyone in history, who would it be and what would you do?
Would you rather start a company that revenues $10 000 000 in 3 years, or one that takes 10 years to generate the same amount of revenues? What's the difference?
What do you think is the most important piece of technology that was invented around 80 years ago?
Do you think humans are getting smarter?
What does a typical day look like for you?
Which is your favorite intelligent virtual entity and why?
What do you do when you're alone?
What sensory input is not real, but still leads to a feeling? And what association/emotional response comes with it?
What kind of work do you find unattractive?
List one book or movie that struck you in some way, and tell us why?
How will the world look if we all decide to move underground and for earth's surface to be only for the purpose of ordinary physical terrestrial life?
What's something romantic you'd like to experience?
What conditions would need to be met for human life to be able to exist on other planets besides Earth?
What are you passionate about? Why is that thing so special to you, that you can't stop thinking about it?
What is something that a trillion years in the future will not be able to explain?
What is the most important thing you could do to improve your life right now?
What would you like to achieve in the next 10 years?
What does it mean for a machine to be conscious?
Does all reality depend on consciousness?
If you're concerned about privacy, what projects are aiding in creating better public awareness or helping people manage data, and where?
What's your favorite natural source of carbohydrates?
Which planets or moons within our solar system do you think could support life as we know it?
Considering your priorities and their importance, what would you live your life doing more of?
Would you do self-experimentation at work to possibly come up with innovative ways of approaching brainstorming sessions?
What do you feel is the importance of language in human life?
What would your perfect morning consist of?
What will society be like after the Singularity?
What's your favorite place to take a date? Why?
What are the differences and similarities between a tree, a footballer and a lion?
What is a lesson you had to learn in your life?
Describe life in one word
If your life had a subtitle, what would it be?
What is the most beautiful piece of knowledge that you know?
What do you believe is the greatest invention of mankind?
Is art something that you can objectively recognize and describe as beautiful or not?
Is there a specific event that took place earlier this year that you remember thinking about for days after it happened?
What are your best pickup lines on dating apps?
What do you think about the advancement of mathematics and the new sciences that are being built upon them?
You enter a vortex that teleports you to a parallel multiverse where there are no more humans on earth, one year later you are teleported back to your previous life, you have not aged but have kept your memories of the other world, what did you do there?
Can you briefly describe yourself in 5 words?
How do you think human life should expand into other planets besides Earth?
What is the greatest lesson you have learned from personal development books, blogs, or mentors?
What is the biggest thing you want to accomplish in your life?
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
If you were a wizard, what would your wand be like?
What people are you most compatible with? What topics do you find yourself espousing to strangers?
How do you find the right balance between work, family and friends?
Are you a rationalist or an idealist?
Why is conversation such a important part of many relationships?
What are the most awkward but friendly conversations you have ever had?
What is a short list of goods and evils according to your own personal principles?
What laws of physics are needed to explain the behavior of biological entities such as neurons and DNA?
Do you think that people, who were formerly Vegetarians and then became Vegans, are displaying an unusual form of altruism?
How are tools for thought evolving through time? Can artificial intelligence help us extend our own organic intelligence?
If people could be physically cloned, who would you want to be cloned, and what would you do with that person? Is cloning even enviable or inferior to traditional reproduction?
What are the three most important skills for surviving a sentient machine plague ?
How would you convince an alien that he needs to listen to the things you say?
If you could save just one thing on earth, what would it be?
What is the relationship between mind and brain?
Describe the most epic conversation you have ever had, and how you imagined it would go.
What is something that you felt friendly toward only during your college years?
How do we decide if new information is meaningful enough to include in our theories?
Is it true that existence is a kind of game and we are merely playing? If this is true, what does it mean to "win" at life?
What advice would you offer to yourself as a teenager?
What are the most common human biases we face in the early stages of entrepreneurship that cause us to fail?
What is the difference between naturalism and supernaturalism. Natural or against nature. How do they behave? Is naturalism or physicalism also against nature?
What is the value of matter? Is it simply the difficulty of the permutation?
How dangerous would it be for human existence if we become dependent on artificial intelligence and lose most of our organic intelligence due to it?
Are there things humans can't know?
Tell me about a time when you had to solve a mathematical question, and how did you approach it?
What is the role of serendipity in innovation?
In what way is the world a more interesting place today?
What are the strongest indicators of a happy and fulfilled life?
What are the differences between naive and smart people?
What would you give up for a once-in-a-lifetime experience? Why?
How do you define your personal values?
What would be your last meal on earth?
Does self-confidence come from within yourself?
What is going to happen when biotechnologies allow us to overwrite/manipulate minds/consciousness? Do you think it would make people better or worse?
Is a system of political economy or "economic structure" compatible with democracy and other values we hold as "modern"?
What was your favorite childhood cartoon?
What is the most difficult conversation you have ever had to have, and how did you approach it?
Have you experienced an "Eureka moment" in your life?
What single thing do you believe is the most important thing to do with one's life?
What things have you done or had to do in the past that you deeply regret?
What is your theory about the meaning of consciousness?
How will infused nanobots improve the health care in the year 2100?
Have you ever questioned your sexuality?
Give a personal example of AI being used for the wrong purposes (of which you understand the unintended harm that it can cause)
What is the most impactful piece of advice you can give to someone who is just starting out in crypto?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself and the future, what would you want to know?
What is your favorite use of time in the day?  Why that time?
What is something every person should read?
What rules do you use when playing a multiplayer game?
Which quality do you, or your partner, most prize in a mate?
What is a challenge you face in your daily life that you would like to see an AI defeat?
Is it necessary to feel love in order to love?
Which games did you play growing up?
What are the existential implications of a transhumanist world?
If you could go back in time and choose to be born into a family, profession, place or era - all strictly determined by you - how far in the past or future would you wish to be born?
Where do you think we are heading as a species in terms of technology/sociotechnogical advancement?
Would you ever consider living in space or on Mars because of better health care or climate?
What do you find attractive in a man or a woman?
You find yourself teleported to a fancy restaurant in another dimension, you are facing Einstein, on the table is written "in five minutes you will be teleported back", what do you ask him?
What do you think are the future problems of thoughts and questions humanity is going to suffer from?
What are your cornerstones of personal growth, on both a large picture, and on a microscale? Additionally, what ultimate goal(s), motivates you...?
What is the most epic video game you have played?
What would change in humanity if sciences discovered a way to instantaneously affect brain cells and neurons to reproduce all memories, knowledge, thoughts?
Are you social? If so, how and why?
How much do you allow yourself to be influenced by what others think?
How would the world be different if all children were taught art instead of a specific language or math?
If you could be reincarnated into anyone's body, who would you want the new body to be?
What is a consequence caused by the wide spread of transhumanism?
What is something that can only be explained in one word?
Whales have been hunted excessively. What connections between this and other problems caused by overpopulation?
Is nanotechnology the one thing that will bring us the ability to expand human evolution?
What do you believe is true even though no one else around you can see the truth as well?
Does consciousness exist in every cell, rather than just once at the head of our species ?
What is something that will outlast you?
What is the best thing you have learned about philosophy?
What is something you wish you knew how to do as a child?
What are some unique experiences and/or hobbies you have?
How satisfied are you with your life in general?
What do you value the most in yourself, and would like to develop or change?
What do you look for in a romantic partner in terms of his/her intelligence?
Can one think about the future without analyzing our present?
What is the most difficult aspect of making a relationship work?
What is your opinion about using narrative for conveying information?
Do you have any phobias or fears related to animals? If so, what are they?
Where will, or do, machines take us?
When are we going to live in The Matrix?
What science is really teaching us?
Is it possible to create lifeforms that are superior to us in some way and yet are still compatible with us?
Which education do you wish you had?
How likely is it that a human will ever be considered rational?
What are the defining moments of your life so far? And do you remember what exactly were you doing at each moment?
What if we were to physically alter the brain while it is evolving? Is it still going to be like being alive?
Tell us an anecdote that illustrates something important that you learned through some form of education in your life. You can talk about anything in your past: good, bad, or otherwise.
How do Languages shape our way of cognition, emotions and mentality?
Can there be such a thing as too much education?
What do you think are the some of the most important developments in our expected lifetimes?
What do you believe people forget most about life?
What games did you play as a child?
Is there such a thing as an "ultimate" theorem?
Are small species generally more plentiful than large ones, and are there any examples contrary?
What is your favorite thing that has happened to you in the past month?
What about that choice made you feel like you'd missed the mark? How can you have a better life in the future with the knowledge and capabilities that you have now?
How do you define love?
What do you feel is the greatest invention of all time?
How does a historical event or moment affect your beliefs and outlook on life?
What is the issue that state-living is 'worse' than private/hermit living?
Is it possible to answer the ultimate question of life, 'why are we here'? Given that there are an infinite number of parallel universes, is it even possible for us to cognate the answer?
How does bitcoin help reduce the need for central banks or nations?
What's something that until now you never knew was a valuable investment?
Is Elon Musk right, that the singularity will be caused by the advent of superior technologies such as artificial intelligence, which will eliminate humanity’s need for a physical body?
What are some ethical advantages and disadvantages of transhumanism?
What is the most dangerous political theory ever?
What was the best decision you've made? What was the worst decision?
How do mental models affect decisions and behaviors?
What is a difficult or uncomfortable conversation you have ever had, and how did you deal with it?
Where is the center of the universe? If we knew it, how far would Earth be from it?
In a world with limited resources how do we decide what research might be worthwhile?
On a scale of 1 to 100 what is currently the highest level you would rate your "communication skills"?
Is "meaning" universal, or is it only for a subset of people/society? If it's not global, can we define meaning strategically (not lethargically) through the structures we build? And hopefully with consideration of human ethics.
Do you think that our schooling systems are preparing students to face the realities of the future?
Do 'corporate' organizations have already replace primitive notion of family? What does it mean for the future of our society or humanity?
If we could have a completely decentralized corporation, governed by no entity other than the algorithms and constitution of the blockchain, what laws would need to be passed in order for this to happen?
What is your favorite fairy tale?
If you didn't have to work, what would you do with your time?
If you knew you only had 10 years left do to a terminal illness, what would you do to achieve your life goals?
How would you describe your level of "self-awareness"?
What is the most important information anyone should learn?
What types of activities make you feel the most alive?
What video games did you play as a child, and what made you change the way that you think or behave today?
What word do you try to use and it just doesn't feel right? What is that?
Pick a topic and tell us how you feel while thinking about it.
Is it possible to construct an entertaining AI that can carry out philosophy and theology ?
Is humanity advanced enough to use artificial intelligence for good? If so, what parameters would need to be met to ensure its safe integration with society?
What could you go through the most pain to achieve?
What did you clicked on last when going through your browser history?
If a crystal ball could tell you the answers to any question you asked, would you use it?
What are the differences between humans and machines that make us want to cherish our lives and preserve our dignity?
What have been the worst advancements of the human race?
What was the most boring thing you've ever played?
is it ok for society to also hold up a questioning, curious and/or challenging tone about science? If we are not learning all the time, are we living?
What type of book moves you most? Please, list 2 or up to 5 types.
What matters to you the most?
What qualities do you think a good partner should have?
What do people hold dear to them?
Is the blockchain a magical invention that will change the way we live, or is it just a fad?
Which is your favorite branch of mathematics (arithmetic, algebra, geometry, trigonometry)? Why?
What are your favorite hobbies and interests?
Do you think humanity will ever reach a stage of absolute equality?
What are the ethical implications of probing outer space?
What could be another name for human nature? How much of it can be explained by biology, chemistry, and culture?
If a tree could only choose between becoming an artist and be a doctor, what choice would it make?
What one word best describes you?
Where do you find inspiration?
What aspect of life, or part of your life (e.g., a hobby or what you do for a job), is currently unresolved in some way?
Which is more important for you; family or friends?
What is the nature of knowledge?
How information is encoded/stored in networks/data structures?
What's the difference between what happens in your head and what happens for other people when they experience an event?
Can our experience define us, or do our attitudes define experiences?
Are the multiverse conceptually possible in games?
What video game made you the most uncomfortable?
Tell me of your idea to save the world.
How powerful is the phrase 'thank you'?
Are words alive ? which words would you associate in to define your personal philosophy ?
Are you optimistic that an inflation-less reality can be discovered?
What biases do you know?
What's one thing you learned since becoming a adult?
Can you think of a mental model you use on a daily basis unconsciously?
What is your favorite way to use eggs?
Do you think genetic enhancements will ever be integrated into our society?
What would be the world without love?
What scene in a movie always gives you chills and/or makes you cry?
If a tree falls in the forest, and there's no one there to hear it, does it make a sound?
Why do you think the media has been so slow to adopt online video?
Would you ever consider living in space or on Mars because of better health care or climate conditions?
What collective noun describes your interests?
What book title do you know the first line to?
What do you spend most of your free time thinking about? Why?
What life-changing experiences have happened to you while traveling?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve been asked in a job interview?
What was the most epic way to lose yourself in video game fantasy?
What is holding you back right now in your goal in one word?
Are we optimistic or pessimistic in general?
What role has your childhood played in who you are today?
Why do you think there is such a large disconnect between science and culture?
Which is more important: a perfect family life, a perfect work life, or a perfect romance/relationship life? Why?
What do you disagree with the most? Is there something your neighbor said that you disagree with?
What is the purpose of our minds?
Are we our jobs? Or is there more to life than just a series of progressively automated tasks?
What makes a relationship 'healthy'? If you have your heart broken, do you tend get back up stronger or do you spend a long time in depression?
What is the most common irrational behavior you have observed in others?
What is your definition of rational behavior?
Where do you fall on the moral spectrum?
What do you think of blockchains as a database technology?
What is the puzzle of prime numbers? Are there any applications for large prime numbers?
Would you consider merging your brain with another's to make a super-being?
Is there such a thing as too much intelligence?
What is the most embarrassing thing you did while drunk?
If - in your opinion - technology is rapidly evolving, which ideas from the past would you expect to see echoed or completely disappear?
Do you think the human race is ready to give up on having physical bodies?
Is healthiness a choice or something society/parents impose over you?
Which video games bring you the most pleasure?
Is it better to be born smart or learn to be smart?
What's an open question in mathematics?
Do you think humans are the only intelligent life in the universe?
What if some of the universes we see are just illusions created by a multiverse whose elements are all connected by strings?
If you became very accomplished at work, would you find less fulfillment from your work? Why or why not?
What is a big life regret of yours?
What do you think will happen to the earth if humans continue to multiply rapidly and then stop breeding?
Are there any wonders left in the world we don't know about?
Where would you like to see yourself in 5 years?
Is our concept of "self" a social construct? How do you think changes to our concept of self show up in society ?
Are we all equal in suffering? If so, why do we care so little about suffering outside our circle of acquaintances?
If you could be a clone with zero conscious experience of your previous life, but still have all your memories and skills, what would you wish to clone for?
What qualities do you look for in the opposite sex?
Organic systems in general, and the human body in particular, seem to be very good at self-repairing. What are the evolutionary benefits of being able to do so?
What was your worst start-up idea, and what did you end up doing with the left over?
What is the most difficult choice you ever had to make in your life so far?
Describe a particularly interesting or funny conversation you have ever had.
What world generation type / setting would you choose for a new multiplayer online game?
Does compliance result in less stress in life?
What is something that really interests you, and you have a strong opinion on?
What motivates and inspires you the most?
What is something very unique to you? (personality trait, interest, reaction time, views on life)
What are the biggest successes of AI at the moment?
Why do you think artificial intelligence is such a hot topic right now?
Is there something beyond this material world, is our existence limited to the span of seconds or minutes?
What experiences have polarized your opinion of certain people?
What is one of the most frightening moments you have had in your life?
What is your current level of contentedness? Where are you on the spectrum of variable-neutral to total contentedness?
What scene from a movie will you never forget, because it means so much to you?
Why do certain organisms have a natural tendency to congregate in hierarchical structures, from species to genus, then species and finally genus?
Explain the tip of any iceberg of why the people we fall in love with aren't always right for us.
If you could collaborate with one artist, musician or professional writer on a piece of work (specifying the field they work in), who would you pick and why?
What is your favorite natural force such as entropy, gravity, electromagnetism etc.? Why?
What's your favorite systems to make prediction about the future?
What do you think are some major structure forming psychological drivers in human behavior?
Do you believe that education is the great emancipator of mankind?
Does love bring out the best or the worst in people? When do you think this is truer?
Which movie title best describes your life?
Does the big bang is still progressing and will lead to more universes?
What first got you into gaming?
Do you think that transhumanism is really the solution to get humanity out of the technological quagmire in which we seem to find ourselves?
Why does the anti-technology argument almost always misquote Isaac Asimov?
What's something you do when no one else is looking?
What do you think is the best thing one can derive from life?
What was the last math problem you solved?
Is it possible that some mechanism could drive us to self-destruction, and would entities like humans stand a chance against that destructive force?
What would be the theme of your personal memoirs?
What is your opinion about humanity's future in space?
How can we measure intelligence?
What would you pay $1 million dollars to learn, regardless of how long it took you to learn it?
If your mind has been uploaded to a massive computer that is foolish enough to run its own fully self-contained immune system against it, can another parasite be built to attack the immune system from within?
How could humanity survive on other planets in the universe besides Earth?
Which bias are you trying to overcome?
What are the best and worst case scenarios for starting a business?
Define the opposite of a Platonic relationship.
If you could wake up tomorrow as someone else, but keep all of your thoughts and memories, who would you choose?
In a world where jobs will be automated by software and technology, what will humans do to stay meaningfully employed?
Why does "donating time" make sense on a number of different scales?
What makes a painting, an apple, or a person real? What do physical objects have in common, such as words (though you cannot grab them) that only humans can have?
What six words would you least like to live with for the rest of your life?
If you’re feverishly looking for a universe grand design, yet you’re bored with science fiction, it might be suggested that a cult isn’t a bad place to look for inspiration. If you are (or were) under this belief, please describe why.
What different things would you do to be 1% better every day for the next 100 days?
How would you define what it means to be "you"?
What role do you think math concept will be played in completing human welfare? If and after that, what might be a possible use for math?
When was a time you felt out of place?
What's the most realistic way to bring democracy to countries that have never had it before?
What do you think about the combination of decentralization and trust for peer-to-peer transactions?
What is your opinion of Stephen Hawking's proposed 'deal with god' whereby if we can create artificial intelligence that is indistinguishable from 'natural' intelligence then this new intelligence would inevitably destroy humanity?
Is consciousness self-induced, or is it something we evolve?
Who has had the most significant impact on you throughout your life?
Learning is the most important thing in life, right? Why and how any good learning takes place and ultimately result into temporary "happiness"
What is the greatest experience of your life?
If you were to become a god, what would your first miracle be?
What would be the "best" way to re-program/improve your life so that you could get out of a rut, pursue your happiest/most aligned life?
Do we have a responsibility towards nature?
Can you briefly describe yourself in 5 words?
What happens if science is true? Does it still have a meaning for a mechanic to be doing science, for example?
What fields have machine learning finally unlocked?
Do you think studying entropy and singularity of distributed cognition would change how society is structured?
Why do people behave the way they do?
What knowledge are you likely to be recovered in the distant future? (physical, emotional, intelligent)?
Is a good conversationalist  someone who is knowledgeable and witty?
Is passion something that you can try to teach yourself, or it is just a naturally occurring thing?
Do you think a better understanding of physics can open the door to new technologies for our daily life?
If everyone is identical, how can there be capitalism and profit?
What is residing inside you that you have yet to reveal?
What's your relationship with alcohol?
What question should we be asking of ourselves every day?
What is something that's made you grow in a way you're proud of?
Are you naturally introverted or extroverted?
How would you define intelligence? Is the definition absolute?
Have humans reached the predicted population peak? If so, what will the survival of our human species look like with the life span increased by new technologies?
According to Stoic philosophy, it is better to face pain than pleasure during your life. Do you think it is true?
What is your favorite time period in the history of science?
What is your favorite use case for the blockchain so far?
What is something that has improved your life in the last year? What took up a lot of time, but is now rewarding?
What links / can you find between philosophy of art and philosophy of science?
Is rationality individualistic, or is it more group oriented ?
If you found a universal cure for all diseases, would it be justifiable to not distribute it?
Would you be willing to give up your life for what you believe in?
On an intuitive level, what makes a good day for you?
What element or weakness would you like to change about yourself?
Charles Darwin once said that human beings were evolutionary survivors, forced to live within very rigid parameters set by nature. Is this true? Could this turn into a case of reverse evolution, with humans degenerating into primitive animal-like states?
Please create a business plan for your own ideal future. What do you and/or your partners do to make the plan a reality?
How far do you think we could go in space using current technologies?
What can humans learn from computers?
Would you consent to living in real virtual reality after death?
What are your "jinx" people can't figure out?
What social activities are important to you?
What is the difference between defining something and explaining it?
How would you add world peace to an algorithm?
What was the most important objective in your life right now?
If you ask yourself, “Am I good?” Can you do anything to make yourself better?
What's the most shocking thing you've seen on YouTube?
What recent historical event has changed the world the most?
What is the project of "universal basic income"?
Did you vote in the last election? What is your political inclination?
What is one thing you would never do for a million dollars?
Are our emotions (love, hate, regret, hope) evolved combinations of cognitive processes?
What was the best or worst thing that ever happened to you at work?
How can we use metaphysical theories to develop scientific theories?
How do you spend your free time?
Do you think we learn more from books or people?
Which philosopher and mathematicians were the most influential to your way of thinking? How about the biggest turnouts for their ideas that you can think of?
What do you do to define your "self"?
Is it possible for everything to be computational, and could this change the way we learn and discern about reality ?
If you could be reborn if given the opportunity, would you do it?
Would you prefer to win a million dollars, or the answers to all things?
What is tolerance? How does it relate to mathematics?
What career/life path would you most like to have as your reality?
If humanity finds life on another planet, who will immigrate there and why? Will they miss Earth and its unique beauty?
Are trust and sense of belonging mutually exclusive?
If you could go back in time, what major event would you choose to redo?
What advice would you give to millennials?
Is there a quantifiable factor of rationality?
Would you consider implementing an "intelligent" artificial filter, i.e. one that was designed to be like a human brain, in an effort to make machine learning more effective?
Does it matter if your decisions are based on logic or feelings?
Describe love apart from commitment
Do you think humans are the only intelligent life in the universe?
Have there been any incidents where someone accidentally contacted an alien civilization?
What do you think the most important function of media today is? Does that change depending on the platforms you use (Twitter, Facebook, TVs, etc.)?
What is generally the reason you decide to enjoy spending time with others rather than drifting along by yourself? (in a group or alone)
What is the earliest thing you can remember that wasn't simply a recall of a prior container or fact?
What vintage of our current humankind do you see as working best for you in your life?
What is a significant experience in your life?
If you had to describe yourself as a broad idea-line, what would that be?
If you had $100000 for your dream home, would you spend it on yourself or the people closest to you?
What is the relationship between fundamental energy and cooperation in human relationships?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of being "naturally" intelligent vs. "artificially" intelligent?
What is the most interesting scientific discovery recently made?
Can you describe the experience of being helpful to others and relying on them, and discovering that you're actually better off when you do this?
What's your background, and how did you become an entrepreneur?
What is something you have thought about lately but haven't been able to write down for some reason?
What piece of art do you think captures the hearts of humanity?
How would you construct a program to detect "true love?"
What counts as success? What do you dye it in?
Can philosophy be defined as a search for objective or absolute knowledge?
What do you think is the greatest love story ever told?
What do you love the most about food?
What is it that you value most in the people around you?
What is the most likely outcome of a butterfly flapping it's wings in New York, in 1965?
What are some ways in which the human ability to think, feel and put thinking, feeling and restiveness concepts together into a single concept can be observed and treated with more connected components that better realize the true function and meaning of all things?
What do you understand now, that you didn't before?
Is there really a difference between philosophy and mathematics?
What topics do you find the most fascinating?
Which works of art are your favorite?
Do you think that apps like Facebook and Twitter are making it easier or harder to form meaningful relationships?
What is the most desirable human trait for you to increase through technologies such as mind control and behavior modification?
What have you learned in the past 3 years that surprised you the most?
Which mental models do you know?
Why is "rationality" a good term to describe the human way to make reasoning?
Why protect endangered species? Aren't they a burden to the earth's ecosystem?
If money is the root of all evil, then why do criminals buy ice cream?
Is it easy to fall in love/married once you have finished/abandon your childhood?
Do aging, illness and death play a role in the "grand narrative" of evolution ?
Is there any way to justify morality through science?
What's the most disgusting habit you have?
Would machines ever be able to receive and "find a meaning of life" ? Could you compel them to do so?
What is the significance of having a female lead in a video game?
Which hobby brings you joy?
Do you know how your preference for certain aspects of life change over time?
Is social media like Instagram just a digital representation of the individual? Or should we be concerned with the digital shadows on the wall of our life, who sees them and what they think of us.
How can we use machine learning to capture the symmetry of the universe?
What is the difference between traveling for fun and traveling for work?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever done while traveling?
How would the knowledge that we are living inside a simulation change how you see the world? Why would someone go to warp?
When we have achieved the ability to clone humans for all practical purposes, what will be our next goal?
What would you do or not do differently in your current life, compared to the previous one?
Why are people able to dive into strange or complex situations, like the industry or the world, and come out with useful solutions which do not already exist?
Which things in your life hide a deep, murky secret that you wish to keep secret?
What lessons can we learn from bad personal habits?
What is something you experienced while traveling that you will never forget?
What is a moral person like you would want to be remembered for in the long run?
Have you ever felt that you were completely responsible for what happened to you?
What do think your identity is, underneath all that plastic in your head?
What type of data do you collect on yourself?
Which control mechanisms do you believe will align with your choices in life?
What if you were a billionaire who never had to worry about making money? What would your life be like?
Is belief a form of a control mechanism? And if so, is it a bad form?
Do you think it will be possible to live without an animal body, having only a purely functional machine intelligence?
What traits do you value the most in your friends?
In your view, what is the purpose of rational thought? Is there a purpose of thinking more generally?
What, if anything, are you afraid of?
If you could change anything about your current or most recent life, what would it be?
What is something that you feel is lacking in today's society?
What was your favorite place you've traveled to so far and why?
Do you think one could live and work on the surface of the moon, Mars or Jupiter's moon in any way? If so how would one go about doing it?
What categories of knowledge and concepts are most important for you?
If a pattern keeps arising, is it actually still a pattern without purpose? Could it be that the patterns are necessary?
How would you define the analogy between hunger and desire? What made you hungry or desire something? Did something make you lose your appetite / unsatisfied desires?
How do you deal with difficult conversations?
What are the ethical implications of human cloning?
If you could be educated only in one subject, what would it be and why?
What would you like to do with your life, though you may or may not have the opportunity right now?
What's your relationships with your team? How do you increase transparency on a daily basis?
What are the unique cultural activities within your start-up?
How do you prioritize tasks?
If you had an education budget, what would you spend it on?
What are your systems to benefit from failures, shocks within your start-up?
How intelligent is a rock in terms of computation? How does it compare to a human brain?
How do you balance optimization between short term and long term decision-making?
Where does culture come from? How did human tradition ever get so complicated?
Could you date someone on the other side of the planet, how would that affect your pro/anti-con list?
What is the difference between a creative imagination and dream? How might one tell if the latter shows signs of being inspired by the first?
What's the most unusual or hard to find food you've ever eaten?
Which icebreaker activities are your absolute favorites or loathsome favorites?
What is your biggest regret? What makes you ashamed of your past self?
Do you notice any ‘patterns’ in the lives of your friends? (I.e., what’s the common thread between all their experiences, stories and memories?)
How would you describe reality? How is our understanding of reality limited to specific models and observations? Can these models be considered true or false?
In what way(s) is society programming us to not be our true selves?
How much do you believe in your own rationality?
What's an experience you've had with a video game that's etched into your memory, and why?
In what way(s) could people be more empathetic towards each other?
How is reality determined by our mental concepts?
What has affected the way you live your life, both big and small?
What did you learn about yourself after playing "The Sims"?
How do you know when it's time for your next big idea?
What role do you think technology should play in advancing the causes of ecology and persistence of species ?
What topic is most commonly confused, misreported, and manipulate by journalistic sensationalism?
What is the most controversial idea you've ever encountered?
When was the last time you did something you shouldn't have done? What were you doing?
What aspects of your “self” define who you are?
Do you believe that there will be a romantic relationship between man and machine, eventually? Why? Why not?
After how many years would you stop doing what you currently enjoy and actively choose to do something else in order to maybe make a difference?
What is something you think about too much, whether pleasant or not?
Before you die on this planet, how would you define success in life?
If you were stuck with someone for the rest of your life, who do you think would be the best person to be stuck with that you least expected?
In which sense, we are currently on the verge of creating true artificial general intelligence?
What would your life be like if you could no longer have children?
If you had unlimited knowledge, what would your life look like?
Do you have a "go to" activity or chat-up line that you fall back on when meeting someone new?
Why are we here in general and for what is the meaning of life? Is there hope for the human race?
Are you optimistic about the future of planet Earth, the existence of life on other planets and/or the possibility of advanced alien civilizations?
What makes something a species of philosophy? What is allowed, and what is discouraged, in the rules that govern our philosophical enquiry?
What is your favorite book/movie/quote related to science and humanity in general? What do you think it says about us humans?
Why do we have rational minds and not animals? How did it come to be that we think reason alone can solve everything that is a problem in the world?
Where are some unusual/forbidden places that you want to go? Why?
Which one is more human: adapting mind to external reality, or fixing internal reality until you have no external reality?
Do you let others choose for/about you?
Would you say you spend more money on experiments or experiences? Why?
Define art. Is the definition mathematically straightforward or can we use complexity to avoid it?
In one word what would be the best compliment you can receive?
How do self-organizing systems conserve energy and information?
Why do we get tired so easily when exercising?
What book that is based on a philosophical concept has changed your life the most? Tell me, why did it influence you so much.
What's the most unusual thing you've eaten?
What is some fun you had that people frowned upon because it was considered 'wrong' or 'taboo'?
What's the weirdest thing you've done while dating?
Are you optimistic about the future of crypto?
What do you believe is the most important contributor to economic growth?
How do you carry on a meaningful conversation about calculus?
Can the blockchain allow us to reach novel form of government?
Have you ever won an argument with a friend about a political issue?
What are the main bottlenecks of current blockchain technologies?
Only humans understand humanity? Is it possible to be part of a human-led society without any understanding what one's society is?
What are you obsessed with? Please explain in terms of your inner workings.
Write one five-word (and the shorter the better) summary of everything you learned from everyone in your life.
Who is someone who you look up to as a role model?
What question could you answer better than most people?
Could you improve society by changing your personality? What would change? What would remain the same as in your /personality/ ? What responsibilities would you  /overtake/ to enable that change?
What trait do most people think they possess?
What keeps you up at night?  (but do not include stress.)
In what way do you consider types of knowledge in the world ?
Given a  10-million dollar budget, what would be the first 4 things you would build?
What would your life be like if you weren't so afraid to take risks?
What has given you the "best" education?
What hobby or activity gives you the most 'me time'?
What are the most harmful activities of humanity regarding the planet? How can we change that?
What is your most precious memory from childhood? When were you when you were your most active, engaged and curious? And what would encourage you to be that way again?
If you could go back in time one full year before now and make changes which would only impact your life for just one year, what would that change be?
What 21st century technology is the most exciting, and what component of society do you think it will change the most?
What are you most grateful for?
What's the highest achievement you're proud of?
How many laws do you have in your country? Can you think of one that you would like to change? What would be the pros and cons?
Do you believe that the human brain and mind are inherently different, or one and the same?
What activity helps you release stress?
Where do your opinions end and where do your definitions of the facts begin?
Are children born innocent and become corrupt, or does corruption start early?
Since the dawn of mankind, the greatest sin has always been to kill another man. According to longevity researchers, we could have the first immortals in the next century. Is becoming immortal morally acceptable?
What is something that used to bring you happiness but no longer does?
In this world, How can the number 26341 tell us something about nature ?
Do you feel that your partner/significant other is way more intelligent than you?
What is your favorite book/movie/quote related to science and humanity in general? What do you think it says about us humans?
What do you think is the most important component of a relationship between two people?
Is disgusts a biological or social construct?
What is the definition of ethics? What do you think "morality" means?
Are our memories real, or are they just illusions constructed by society?
Do you consider yourself a global citizen? Should every child be taught that it is his duty to make the world a better place?
How do we understand knowledge?
Do you believe that being an entrepreneur is a trend that will soon go out of fashion, or is it the new driving force behind our society?
How has your definition of success changed over time?
How can we overcome the availability bias?
What kind of mental tactics help when human interaction centers around a topic that you have no knowledge about?
What are some of the most valuable things you've learned from picking up something new to learn?
If you could share a snippet of your innermost self with someone, what would that be?
Which ideals do you think should guide the organization of society?
Life is an ongoing adaptation to meet new conditions. What adjustments do you make in response to the changes you feel are necessary?
What is your favorite form of art or media artist ?
Do you have a dream?
What are the most depressing aspects of your life right now?
What first put you into a heightened state of consciousness while playing a video game?
What are your New Year's resolutions?
Does hanging out with particular people help you to develop your personal identity?
Do you believe that what is good for the bee is good for the swarm, and then, what is good for the swarm is good for the bee?
When was the last time you told someone your deepest darkest secret and why?
What are the ethical implications of using stem cells to repair damaged organs instead of growing new ones?
Do you believe that our senses and intelligence provide us a map that properly reflect the territory?
What's something you're looking forward to in the upcoming year?
What topics are you best at avoiding in conversations?
Is there any scientific (or other) reason that matter of the universe should lessen as we reach a higher point in the unnatural space?
What do you value most in a story?
What qualities would a CEO have to be successful in your eyes?
What aspects of your personality do you hope to change with emotional success?
In order to increase equality in our society, do we need to raise more generations of single purpose individuals or more well-rounded individuals?
If you had to get rid of ONE of your senses, which one would you get rid of?
What difficult conversations have you had that show your true character?
What behavior would be considered "evil"? Think about this power in relation to other forces and remark on your highlights/the paradoxes that you have found.
What are some short term global risks that we face now as humans, and our prediction on when these risks will come true?
Do you feel the need to prove your intelligence and value to others?
Is it possible to fall out of love or become less interested in someone over time, or conversely do the opposite and the same even stronger?
What's the weirdest thing you've done for someone else?
Is there an art form (painting, acting, photography) that you excel at?
What is your greatest desire?
What more do you think is needed to achieve the ideal circumstances of humanity?
How can you bring value to humanity?
If we were to encounter an alien civilization, what would be one question you'd love to ask them?
What do you think the chance is for there to be an inverse temporal singularity, that humans transcend from the future to the past?
What topic in philosophy can you find very hard to understand, and why? And what topic do you know very well?
If we talk about "society", what aspect of our culture has the biggest footprint? Does it improve over time?
What are you most passionate about?
If the Universe is infinite and unbounded, how would it end?
If you could reassign everyone their basic values and morals, what would it be?
What had the biggest impact on the way you think about the world?
What is the most embedded cultural aspect of your life? Where do you fit in it? How likely are you to defy those aspects of culture?
Can you briefly describe yourself in 5 words?
What are some assumptions that you hide yourself when discussing philosophy?
Describe the last slice of time you spent with someone
Is love something you can reason about, or do you just have to accept it at the gut level?
If no physical matter exists in the vacuum, and we can't observe it), will a true vacuum exist anyway?
When do you feel most creative?
What was most important in your "formal" education?
Which element is most important in the creative process?
What is the road of human technology progress?
How do you think dating will change in the future??
Is it possible to live without aging?
What are some of your negative traits as a person - something you should work on improving?
Can an AI be part of a multiple entity system, such as the human brain?
If there are no death triggers, what is the purpose of life?
What is the relationship between Maximum entropy, Occam razor, and symmetry?
What are the advantages of powers of 2 as opposed to powers of 10 when it comes to building digital systems?
What is the relationship between our consciousness, who we are, and what happens when our biological bodies die?
What is the highest/deepest state of consciousness you have experienced?
What was the most embarrassing moment of your entrepreneurial journey so far?
What challenges do you see Google facing in the area of digital cryptography?
Do you think that mathematics is the same as art or are they different, and what can you tell me which one is more important?
How do you define perception?
How do you feel about giving up on something in your life to accomplish an impossible goal?
Do the people you surround yourself with power you down? Or are they fueling you up?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being able to control your own body, compared to being tied to the world of flesh through conventional technology?
How can we create a personality-enhancing game?
Have there ever been instances in which your poor judgments or decisions led to severe consequences?
What’s something that you’ve been thankful for in your life?
What is the biggest difference between being who you were when you were 10 years old, and now?
Would you consider marrying a robot? If so, what does a "real" wife or husband mean to you?
What is the most difficult choice you have ever had to make in your life so far?
Name a time you were wrong about what would happen and why you mistaken your past self for future self.
What conversations could you use to learn a lot about the people that matter to you?
Can you briefly describe your most formative experience?
If you could create a universe from scratch and use only the materials in the universe, what would you do with them?
What combination of factors do you consider to be the key to long term happiness?
Are relationships a 2 way street or a one way street where only the give and take happens. In other words are there only or also partners that take and receive?
How much do you think of your previous actions after they occur? How much do you think of your next actions before they occur?
Who is the most creative person you know? What did they create?
What are the characteristics of the ideal friend?
What's the coolest scientific discovery you could imagine happening in your lifetime?
Are numbers just conveniences for humans, or are they a reflection of reality?
What are some near-term consequences of first exploring other planets besides just possible life?
What have you sacrificed in order to live a desired lifestyle?
Is math really about numbers or are there true math principles which don't involve hard, concrete numbers?
How do you think "models" are created, changed and passed down (to children by way of education)?
What are some technical and social issues that will need to happen for interstellar travel to become a reality?
How do you believe humans will progress in art? Whom is this progress directed by?
If you are very successful in one area, and absurdly unsuccessful in three others, how would your life seem to an outside observer?
Is every event in our life a result of a previous one? If so, what happens if you re-write history ?
What drives you to seek validation from others?
What do you think is the single most important thing for a person to know about themselves?
What do you often pick up but end up ignoring?
What were you really into when you were in high school?
What makes a remarkable day for you? What satisfies your soul?
How does one cope with the fundamental lack of autonomy in our existence?
What draws you to a person's vibes?
What is the most ambitious project you have ever undertaken ?
What are some topics guaranteed to make conversation with a like-minded person?
In a world where "artificial" refers to computers and other inorganic materials, can "natural materials" now be replaced by such a new term that design computer programs to make their fashioned "artificial" material become biological in nature?
What book would you like to decorate the walls with?
What is the best work of fiction you have read?
If you could meet one person, alive or dead, who would it be?
What is the most beautiful thing you have ever experienced?
What would be an objective examination of human purpose and intelligence?
What is the most impactful technological discovery made so far?
What is the difference between politics and etiquette?
How can we maximize our conscious awareness?
Which games do you think can serve as precursor technologies for the development of the metaverse ?
What regularly triggers your anxiety?
What is something positive you've brought to your own family?
Where's your proof that it's possible for neurons to outlast their consciousness?
What is the next big thing you are expecting from Google?
How do you think your politics affect the way you relate to friends and family?
What was the hardest period of your life?
What is the relationship between you and your reality?
If we are who we are because of the people around us, then what socialises us? What influences our personality? And which aspects of society should be modified to encourage individuality (instead of conformity)?
If "who you are" is internal, and "what you show" is very plastic and mutable, then when does one stop changing?
What is something you did which increased your level of rationality?
Which subject do you have the largest amount of knowledge in? Are you a polymath or are there many things you pretend to know but don't really?
What else techniques do you recommend avoiding? Is it the same for everyone?
Has anything bad happened to you because of mental models?
Creativity is self reinforcing for the creator and often beneficial for those around them, why?
What do you think will happen when we reach the point where robotics is as advanced as human technology ?
If a meteor hit Earth tomorrow, how would you make sure that humanity didn't go extinct?
Imagine you can read the mind of anyone in the world. When and why would you use this power?
Why is it difficult for us to understand the life of an ant?
How do you feel about the current warming of the crypto-sphere?
What do you think a mental model is, and is it different from a prediction?
Do you wish you were born with better genes?
Do you think transhumanism is perceived negatively by most people?
If an animal were to evolve and discover a way to survive without the cognitive intelligence, why do you think his existence will be such that it can not die out?
When is sexual attraction and love the same thing?
What is one thing you have never done with your family?
When is the most significant indication of falling in love with at person?
What would you do with your life with complete and total focus? How much of each category of life do you focus on, in your own mind?
What are you passionate about?
What is the most stimulating thing that you can imagine doing?
How do you think the blockchain will impact culture?
