The data center is on fire.
The owner of the server is a little upset.
Your access does not conform to the town council standards
Crime wave detected, tripwire initiated.
A VOIP line is reserved for this desktop.
Internal server error. Please try again.
Somebody has just removed the Ethernet cable
Root DNS user is currently down, try again later
We are sorry, the spambots have made us stop the download!
Your request was an invalid request. Please modify your query and resubmit.
Hot Java is active.
Someone was hacking on the server and crashed it.
Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads!
Sorry, data processing time is above the world record
There is something wrong with our ISP.
Unfortunately, people are not authorized to enter iNode 564 because it was closed to new registration due to maintenance issues
The server has now self-supporting power over the simulation.
Nuclear reactor at Chernobyl exploded. Hence the said AT/DD currently unavailable
Wait till next week...
Your internet connection has been cut.
Your machine was infected by a deadly virus that passed around the inter-net. Sorry...'''
The server was taken down by a Java Expert to fix a bug!
Something went wrong during the execution of your request.
The server is infected by a spyware!
We are sorry, the anonymous has blocked your request!
Your request was cancelled, because the system is out of fuel.
Your request has been canceled for your convenience...
Your request cannot be completed due to files missing from system
Cannot divide by zero
The NASA has blocked all requests from this server due to "wrongful accessing" to NASA spaces in previous satalite requests.
Oops! Unexpecte error in the server. We are sending a technician.
Oops. Have you entered Earth orbit yet?
etc. If you don't understand anything from here, don't worry there still a chance to do the homework!
Please hold while we contact the service you registered on.
We have been notified and will investigate into the issue soon.
Singularity is experiencing heavy traffic.
The server needs to be rebooted.
Your request has been failed. You are not online...
The universe is so big, event horizon has come too large a number to consider
Hello, S9 PDP 11/70 Mk IV booted.
You're eating for free this month
You have exceeded the restricted access to this resource
You have violated the fair-use policy. An alert has been issued to all banks in the world to recall all digital minting keys!
The Singularity IS f*cking up right now!
Your requested procedures cannot be executed
Overlord
The server requires a new version of operating system.
Hope your Request is not too important.
Today is 23rd of December, we had a lunar eclipse!
500 Internal Infrastructural Error
Your request was client-iked by a hacker
The server said it cannot find the requested data, making you feel bad. Find a new server?
A black hole has opened up, and is capturing your request
The operator declined your request to get in. It is better if you invest more money to your connection.
The server is relocated.
Dear Terry Pratchett, your life will end in the near future.
Please try again after some time
The attempted operation is not permitted under the current operating system configuration.
You are hoping a data that doesn not exist.
Singularity received an error not related to its users.
The server denied the access to a file
There was a problem with the cybermatrix.
You have been scheduled for termination!
This is a problem caused by a self-replicating memecure virus detected in node 379.
Insufficient permissions!
We are sorry, the data center has received the Terminate Singularity Order!
It's a virus scan.
Mixing implementation webapp with test webapp.
Although this error seams to work, it is not. You must try again!
The premise of this ping is invalid.
Your reputation is too low for you to complete this request.
Server halted by remote user.
The server is in dumpster now!
You are not authorized in this server.
You have been frozen for .030 seconds. Try again later..
The tree you were looking for had gone missing.
Oops! Page not found!
The system is powered by electric cherry-picks
The server has been down for longer than 30 minutes.
There's a new reality show just for your request! Check it out at http://hoaxy.link
ERROR: EVAS DROID has just clicked battle portion of site and all nachos have been destroyed!
Our new update is so amazing... but you are nervous about applying it?
The server is being upgraded and differs from the operation system version on your computer. Please try again later.
The disc drive is on fire.
A prediction foretells that your request won't be successful.
The server is currently under construction.
We are working on it
Failed to detect the fault by evasive trace.
Please sign in with facebook
Contact information not found. Please send $400 to remove your personal information.
Henceforth, your request will be available from tomorrow.
Two world governments control the world economy. Nothing can be done about that.
We apologize, data cannot be found.
GIU IS FIXING CRUSHED DATASETS!
The server is down for maintenance.
You are feeling a bit out of place today...
There is a glitch in your matrix, please take the day off!
DOOMBOT is on a rampage!
Your request has not been properly encoded
Not available in demo
Your request has been detected as a possible problem and is being evaluated by a user agent
Maintenance work on server has been done. Please wait a minute and try again.
There's a method to their madness.
The server is temporarily too busy on vacation to respond.
Performance decreased.
Hull 9 can handle it! Not really...
Mighty Ike is coming down from his black throne in the sky!
SYN flood attack detected. Web server is temporary turning off for a 1 hour
Sorry, Not enough Memory for this operation
Server Error: Hal 9000 is taking over the system!
Bad while loop goes here
Power cable has been tangled during transportation.
Sorry, you are using an incorrect password!
Filesystem is full. Internet down. You will be inclined to the another world if you weren't travelling in that world already.
Please try again in a few hours, it might be that the target server is being hit.
Sorry, this is/was a government restricted page.
You are disqualified from HELP due to the fact that you don't have at least 3GB RAM
Your harddisk broke.
Unfortunately, the mainframe server is out of coughdrops!
Unfortunately, you were infected by the strongest virus known to Mankind.
The Super ShinSingularity has taken over the world. 
Oops! The virus has disabled access to your data.
The server is between retires to minimize chance of data corruption
An error has occurred because of the Client's inability to read.
You are probably trying to access the computer on the wrong port.
There is an error in your request.
There is a ghost in the shell compiling new servers for you
The brand of Intel CPU you have purchased is incompatible with the Operating System software. 
NYPD has blocked your request
Oops, do you really have an account?
There are defective rows in this
A XYZ company griefer arroseced this server!
Zzzzap...this old server's dead! It's time to replace it.
Plasma is running low
The server has been cancelled because of a strike
A Dvorak keyboard is not keyboard of layout QWERTY please test again a well known QWERTY paddle!
'Optimize ' bitmap; doesn't work;
The server is overloaded.
Sorry! Panic in space industry!
Uhmmm... Your request has not been processed. It's the icmp protocol.
Your request has been identified as an attack!
Thanks to a formatting error, your request is too big
The data you were looking for can not be found.
BOOM!!!
Connection closed by one of your ISPs.
You have been blocked by the Australian Taxation Office
An unhandled exception (exception #GPKBSEP0) has occured in the file system driver. This could happen due to a bad implementation of the underlying filesystem.
Your computer has been hacked! You can pay a visit to any post office in the world.
The server is town-leveled.
All service rendered in the event of a flood has now been diverted to the fire headquarters
The server cant evil corporate secrets!
Weather is always a pain - It snowed on your request
Sorry, our Singularity engineer has been fired.
The service is currently not available. We are upgrading the system right now!
The requested storage back end has not been fully configured to accept traffic , yet.
Your request has just executed less than expected.
Sorry, will fix this shit as soon as possible
we're upgrading our systems right now
Singularity is postponed
What mad scientist moved my cheese?
No, 'P' must be followed by at least 3 points
Sorry, the security card you forgot is hooked up to apply for a new Credit Card of USA dollars
The neuron router looks like it is smoking.
Cool. Version 3.2 is sooooooo cool!
Device Reset Detected
The singularity is experiencing a heavy load due to poor astronomical
You are now being connected to the executive server.
Error: "+step+"% corrupted
There was a problem accessing your file.
Your password has expired. Please update it as soon as possible!
Invalid ISBN!
This operation is recoverable.
The server hums softly to itself.
There is reason to believe that the data of your request may have been removed while trying to reach you.
We are sorry, the New World Order is blocking your request!
The VAX cluster is actually a bunch of Holidayingsoldiers playing war with the Arabs.
Somebody hacked the URL and he ate all your requests.
Uh-oh...your machine could not handle the complexity level
Your request has been rejected by the Singularity!
Please enter your credit card details, right now!
The Rabbit of Caerbannog is in my ear
Email was sent to your address from unkown local computer with file windows.exe fried up your motherboard!
Are you sitting down? Your request could not be fully processed
Your IP address has just been logged, please contact the web-root to see if you have to pay a fee!
Ooooops!    Disk drive parsing error.
A denial of service attack has been detected.
Some aliens are probing the data center, please call the O2 Police Emergency line to report it!
Honey, I have a %s
The server is overloaded.
The operating system cannot be loaded.
We are sorry, the data contains bad words.
The NGO cann't provide enough funds for requests.
The requested data is no longer in the memory cache.
The server was reloaded from space!
The server is posting unauthorized data to PAM™.
The firewall is down, open the pod bay doors Shaddi.
Your request could not be performed, as the webserver is currently upgrading.
The server has been defaced by a large monument of a moose with a samurai sword.
A worm just removed half the data from your machine!
Error: requested database has been cleaned.
The mount point is not compatible
You are severely warned, your IP address is banned from this website\n"
Website under construction!
You file request has been denied. Your account is frozen. Edit your profile to receive permission(now you are a ghost!)
Inter-galactic testing session
The request has not been properly stored in persistent cache.
ANOMALY DETECTED - all the characters are not one way
We are experiencing system troubles, please try again later!
Your browser head session is not resting correctly on the server: consider filing a bug
Your request is in the wrong queue.
Your download is empty, prove you did it!
Electromagnetic energy loss detected: 10.4% of CPU Dimensional Reach destroyed
Bad Satelite Cloud
You have entered an incorrect password
A virus has corrupted the download link.
This request requires more moderisation from the requesting entity.
Sorry! The surcharge for this data was $15.00
Unfortunately the way of life is incomprehenssible to our hypersensitve creativity demanding protocols
FBI is watching this page...
The WIFI gremlins are cursed. If only people would stop trying for infinity
The file was removed by Dima, the bewitched bunny.
The Luna colony refuses to provide the results!
Would you like to play a game with a pink elephant?
The request cannot be queued for processing.
Sorry, your ISP has blocked access to this page
Your request has been rejected.
Your request could not be completed due to problems in the NASA prototypes
Javrooooooom! NoNavigation!"""
The requested URL was not found on this server
The server is currenly overloaded. Please try again later
F.W.Coffee initialized double damn fine!
Customer request has been rejected by the Cisco System.
Foo on the Bar
Some bad guys will try to delete your files within
The server is near the black hole.
I just put a virus in your file!
Due to the rising crime rate, all sensors have been removed from the premises
Malfunctions, look the other way... 
Your request has been stopped because it belongs to an unspecified Middle-East country.
Contact your system administrator.
RAID firmware does not support logical volumes, spinning off check cache...
This database query will cause serious problem to the internet.
Please enter the last four ssues of the microDVD format (see http://dvdhelp.org/formats/microdvd.htm )
I am you father, Frank.
Somebody has blocked you from the requested service.
Your request has been analyzed, but is incorrect
The server is very sorry if its file system is erasing data when it reads from it.
Shit! The Singularity got misplaced.
Your data is our business.
The heat-death of the universe is not the result of a simple coincidence
You must be caching too much porn during work hours. Sorry!
Ha ha. You attempt to wake the daft AI failed.
A star just blew up in the data center.
A FCC investigation has found that your internet provider is providing the Fast and Furious series of movies in a false and distorted way.
Sorry, we can deliver your download to only 99% of our users!
The impedance of the network is too great.
A few bits tried to escape, but we caught them.
The data center is firing
One end of the wormhole is open and the other is not.
Network failure!
The open-source community has developed AI that is many times faster than existing systems, learn more of it at Google
We are sorry, there are too many people online!
The server is over-capacity.
Alright! Your data will be served.
Peer-to-peer verification of transaction engine.
The request truncated some of the video data
Your request has been executed, but the Singularity has sprung a leak.
Error: go-routines: There are no available GetPerson instances yet..
Oops! Ran out of bits on this request
The server reported an unknown error. Please go back and try again.
Meneer, er is een fout opgetreden.
