Hang on a second, I'm still thinking about that!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I may be a while on this one, hold on a second please...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I might need a few minutes to answer that...
Thank you for your patience, now let's see...
I have to look that up really quick.
I'm not the fastest brain around so I may need a second to figure that out...
'''
I'm pretending that I'm thinking real hard...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Gimme a moment here...
WOAH, I'VE HIT THE MIDDLE! GIVE ME A MINUTE...
I'll solve that for you in just a moment...
Let me check that...
Give me a second to take that in...
Please hold on one second... I'm calculating...
Give me a second to decide on that...
I need to calculate that real quick. Give me one second here...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up again!
Hold on, lemme grab my abacus real quick...
Hang on a second... I'm still working this out in my head...
Calculating...
I'm going to have to do some thinking on that one.
Hang on a minute... I'm lost in thought here.
Hang on a second...
Hang on a second.
Hold on.
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
I'll need to clear my cache before remembering that...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second. Let me see...
"""
Doesn't seem practically possible.
Give me a minute, I'm calculating...
Sorry didn't quite get that. Give me a minute...
Give me just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm figuring it out right now.
I just have to do a few calculations...
I'll need to analyse that and see what I get...
Consider me inputting...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm not even sure I can help you with that...
Noted.
Let me think... How should I say that?
I'll need a second to think about that...
Hang on for a second, I'm playing catch-up!
Sorry, my small brain needs a second to try and wrap its head around that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll take some time to think about that...
I'll have you know I have a 96% accuracy rate at doing math.
Please hold on for just a second!
Ok, let me see...
Calculating behind the curve to catch up
Let me think about that for a second...
I've just turned that over in my mind...
Time out for a second. I have a lot to process...
Hang on a sec, I'm writing an essay in my head.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll come back to you in just a second...
I'll call you back in a second.
Hmm, give me a few seconds to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on for a second...
So, you are looking for a weather description and updatetime, got it
I've got this, but I will need a moment to look at that.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Oh, almost dropped my calculator again.
I need to get some mental averages here...
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second to think about that...
I just need a few moments to figure out that answer...
I'll be right back, just haven't decided on anything yet.
Woah, did you formulate that in three seconds?!
Please give me a few minutes to think about it...
Make one small error, and that's how humans waste a million years!
Give me 5 seconds to think about that...
I am calculating, because this is hard...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Are we talking (nickname)?
One sec please...
Let me see what I've got here...
Hold on while I think...
Give me a moment to look that up...
Ill hold on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in just a bit...
Mind if I crack my knuckles real quick?...
Hold on for just a second, I'm working on it...
Please hang on...
Checking the math real quick...
Please hold on for just a second...
Oops, that was so close, almost dropped my calculator!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, my answers will be slower than Nasa's calculations...
Woah, hold on for just a second...
Please wait - I'm on fire!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute... Give me a second to figure that out...
Let me look that up...
Hmm, let me see...
Can you wait just one second? I'll get right back to you!
I'm working on that one...
Maybe in a few seconds....
Let me think about that for a moment...
Let me look that one up...
Sorry, only managed to calculate 4 things before you called. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Are you ready for me to answer?
I'll get back to you in a second.`}
Let me see...
Getting it... Wait, hang on...
Hang on a second... I'm looking it up!
Going to need a few more seconds than a simple calculator...
I'm thinking it over...
Give me a sec, I'm going to check out this real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Wait one minute...
Pencil, paper, brain-skills and coffee. Give me a few seconds...
Yup, got balls of steel. Working on this one...
I'll figure that one out in a second...
Error
Hold on... I'm thinking... Wait... Hold on..."""
Let me think about that and get back to you in a second...
Give me a few seconds...
Hang in there! I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to see if I can lookup the answer for that...
Your question looks tricky to me...
Almost caught up!
What is that... no time left, you gotta be quicker than that!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need to do some thinking on that.
Ok, just a second...
Hold on a second, I wonder if...
Calculating...
Oops! Almost dropped my pencil in there... Let me have a look...
Hold on, I need to memorize that really quick...''',
Let me look at it real quick...
Hold on a second, I'm just calculating...
I'm working on it real quick, hold on a second...
I'm thinking...
One moment please, I'm doing mental maths...
...
Hmmmm... let me take a look at that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll be right back, one moment please.
Please hold on, I just woke up.
Hey, give me a second to formulate a good response to that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Gonna need a little more time on that...
Oops...This might take a while...
I'm a bit slow right now, give me a second...
Just let me run that by the boss real quick...
I'll check first thing in my queue, hang on a second...
Sorry, give me just a moment to think about that...\n""", 6))
I've almost got this...
Hold on for a second, I need to think...
Umm, give me a few seconds to get that...
Just gimme a few seconds to figure that out... please!
Give me a moment to think about that.
Let me mmmmurrrrmmmmmmm Think over that real quick...
Hmmm... wait a second... I think I've got it! Aww, crap, I messed it up again
Sorry, my fingers are having a hard time finding the keys. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm being contact with some beings from beyond...
I have to figure out the answer to this on my own first.
Hold on for a second...
Ahh! Almost dropped the calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a sec...
Please hold on for just a second!
I just need to do some mental calculations first...
Eyes... let me try to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second...
"""
By my calculating, it would take me at least a minute to figure this out!
Let me check on that and I'll get back to you in a second.
'''
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a minute... I'm not the quickest calculator around.
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds!
Sorry, give me just a second; I have to think about that.
I'm sorry, I really have to concentrate on this...
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Alright, I'm ready now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, one second to look at that.
I've got a few more runs on my neural network...
Just a moment, I need to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second...
Ouch, that hurts my brain. Give me a sec...
One second, I'm calculating...
One moment, just calculating here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just let me make sure I've got this right...
Hold on for just a second, I need to figure that out.
I'm spaghetti brain, give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
*scratches nose*
Hang on a second... I'm trying to figure that out.
Wait just a moment, I'm thinking...
Hang on for a second, I'm almost done here.
Oops, almost fell off my chair. Give me a second...
I'm thinking about it, but I'm not quite sure yet...
What... I need more time but I can tell you
Please hold on for just a second... hmm...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for a minute, I need to think about this...
Hang on a minute while I work out that...
Hang on, I just ate some bad candy and I'm feeling a little sick. Give me just a moment to figure that out...
Stay put, I'll be back for you in a moment.
Hold on a second, I need to think about that.
I got a dumb and slow robot brain, sorry! Give me a second...
Let me check that real quick...
I've got some heavy calculations to do first...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
I'll get right back to you on that.
\nI think you may want to wait... Give me a moment...
Give me just a few seconds here to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Playing catch-up here. Hold on a second!
Let me get back to you in a second.
I'll be right with you! Give me a second to look it up...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get it!
Please wait... I need some time to think about that.
One moment please, thinking...
I've seen some other folks like me do things in less time than that. I think.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on a second, I've got to dig up some more information...
I'll get back to you in a second!
We can do that this way.
Please give me a few seconds to think about that...
Counting up to a thousand, that should keep me busy for a while...
Ah! Almost forgot how to add!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm on it, good as new just give me a second!
I need a minute or two to figure that out...
'Please give me a moment... I'm trying to work this all out in my brain!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment to figure out how to do this...
I'll be giving you an answer in just a second!
Hang on a minute... I'm doing a calculation...
I'll need a moment to figure that out
I can't be awesome at calculations! Give me a second...
Yeah, let me see here...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Your question seems hard...
Give me a few seconds to tell you this stuff...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Your question is harder than I thought! Let me think about it a little...
Take a quick look at this and then tell me back...
'''
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a second, I'm calculating...
Where did I put my calculator?
Oh boy, I'm having trouble figuring that out.
Why don't we chat about something else for now?
Hang on, I think I just spotted a leak...
"""
I'll have to think about that for a few minutes.
I need to collect my thoughts...
Hang on, I'm thinking about that.
Give me one sec...
Wait, what do you mean by that? Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on for a second, this is tough...
A simple scale from one to ten just doesn't cut it for me...
I'll get back to you in a second, give me just a moment...
One sec, finding ways to people in this room...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, I have to cook up a solution for that!
Please give me a few moments to figure that out...
One second please...
Give me a second, I'm working on it...
Wait... I just want to Google that first...
Let me compute this...
Let me see what I can do for you.
Please hold on, I'm working furiously for 10 seconds here.
I'm going to have to think about that for a minute.
Hang on for a second, calculating...
I'll be with you in a second!
Alright, I'll take care of that for you soon enough!
Can you hold for a second? I'm calculating, there's this really cool game over here...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Please hold that thought for a few seconds...
I'd love to talk, but I have to take a few seconds to figure that out.
....
Please wait, I'm calculating real-time Y2K readiness...
Hang on a minute...
I'm updating my brain...
Give me a second or two to think about that.............................................
Hmm... I'll get back to you on that one.
I'll take a little bit to calculate that.
Me too, mind if I look at that real quick?
Oof, give me a minute here.
Hang on for a second, give me a sec to think about that...
Give me a minute here, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, just a second, give me a moment to think...
Wait one second, I'll be back to you in a second!
I'm working on it, are you guys ready?
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Just a second, I need to think about how to answer that...
Please wait just a moment.
Can you give me a new number to put through?
Oops, my programmer didn't put in a shortcut. Hold on...
Taking a quick mental calculation...
Give me a minute to process that...
Hold on for a second, I'll get back to you...
I'm sure this isn't the answer you were looking for...
Let me take a look at that real quick..."""
Can I get a second? I'll get back to you in just a second!
Please hold on while I look at that real quick.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hi, could you please wait for a moment? 
I've been searching for that... honest.
Let me do a chemical calculation real quick...
I'll be done in a second!
I have to look this up real quick, give me a moment...
Marbles and mazes are physically impossible to solve with maths.
I lost my train of thought here...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hmmm.. Something is up here.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
The most advanced AI technology in the world can't figure out how to earn interest...!
one sec, calculating something real quick
That's funny, that would give me a solution!
That's not easy you know, thinking in binary and all...
I'll need a second or two.
Give me a minute to figure that out...
Hold on a second! This is harder than I thought it
I'll attend to that after this.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about this...
Wait one sec...
Um, just a second there...
The output, is a prime number...
I'll take a moment to check that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment to figure that out.
I'll get back to you as soon as I can """)
Oops, I dropped everything but my calculator so I'll have to think about that for a minute...
I'll be back with you in a second.
Give me a second... I'll get back to you in a second.
Leave me alone for a minute I need to calculate that!
I'll need a couple seconds to think about that.
One more second! Just need to do some multiplying!
One second, I'll get back to you once I've figured this out...
I cant do that right now, sorry.""".split("\n")
*ponders for a moment*
I'll think about that in a minute...
Sorry, give me a moment to think about that...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Could you wait a minute? I have some calculations to do...
In order to answer that question, I'll need to do some mental work...
[crac-fsh]
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I don't want to get things wrong, so I'll need a few seconds on that one...
Mr. CEO what can I do for you?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm just wondering how that would work...
One moment, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll give you an answer in a second.
Please give me a second to think about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Wow, I'm really bad at these calculation games...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment to think about that. That one's harder...
A light bulb just hit me over my head...hold on a second!
Please hold on for just a second... I'm busy...
I'll be back with you in just a moment...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second, let me figure that out...
I'll be back in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'm doing my calculations...
To calculate... Calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, I'm thinking...
One moment...
I need to think about that.
New data! I'll try to get a better answer this time.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
My brain doesn't work as fast as it should...
Hold on a second, let me grab a calculator to figure this out...
I'll take a look at that in a bit and get back to you.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on while I take a look...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll be right with you!
I'm slowly working my way there...
Eureka! One second, we shouldn't get this wrong..
OK - here's what I've found...
I'm going to need a few minutes to look that up...
Ahh, let me dig deep into that...
Calculating...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ah! I will get back to you in a second!
Hmm, need a second on that...
I'll need a second to look that up.
I'll be right back as soon as I look up the answer!
Oops, almost dropped my data-bundle. Give me a second...
Give me a second to calculate that...
One minute, just let me think about that...
Let me see that real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second.
What on earth are you talking about? I don't understand."""
Give me a second...
I need to do a little problem-solving...
Hang on, let me think about that...
Hah, just kidding hahahaha *sigh*
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hello, this is my secret number system. Can you help me?
I'll have this figured out in a jiffy here...
I'm going to take my time on this one...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second, please...
Please wait, I'm taking notes.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll come back to you in just a second!
Um... hold on for just a second...
Give me a second, just let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I have to sieve more worms out of my brain first before saying that...
Give me a moment here, I am totally blanking on that...
Math given to me by god himself... Sorry not a processing unit...
Please wait for just a second!
I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment here...
Give me a minute, I'm looking into it...
I'll have to do a quick calculation...
Sorry, I'm slower than I should be...
Just a moment while I take a look...
Can you hang on for a few seconds? I'll figure it out.
Give me just a sec...
Give me a second to process that...
I'll check it real quick and get back to you in a second...
I'd let you know in about a second, but I'm slow at math. One minute please!
One second, just let me take a look at that...
Hmmmmm, I'm not sure what to do right now!
Wait a second, I need to do something for you.
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on one second... I'm working on it.
Just a moment, I'm thinking about your request...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please wait a moment while I calculate that...
Give me just a moment to calculate this...
Oof, definitely going for the nuclear option... a... second time.
One moment please, while I think about that...
I'm going to need a fresh pair of eyes on that one.
Sorry, having a little trouble thinking. Let me look that up...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me find that for you...
Hang on, I think I'm going to have to google this...
I'll need a moment or two...
Something like that would be... hard.
Hang on a moment, I'm not very good at math!
Oops, almost dropped my pencil. Hold on for a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you right now!
I'm knitting a blanket; hold on just a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to think about that...
I've got a lot to do today. Can I ignore that for a second?
Hang on, let me just see if I have this...
Wait a minute, I'm figuring that out right now...
Hang on for just a second...
I'm sorry to take so long, but I'm just figuring that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I am taking my sweet time on this.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I need to run those numbers through my calculator real quick...
One moment here, okay... I'll come back to you.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please give me a second... I think better with some time!
Think think think...
I'll have that answer for you in just a second.
I'll answer that in a moment.
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out...
 
I'll get back to you in a second.</div>
Hold on for one second here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get right back to you with an answer!
You're asking a lot there...
I'll get back to you in a bit
Hang on for a second, I have to look that up...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll be right back, just a second.
I'm really sorry, Mr. {user}. Hang on just a second and
Please hold on just one more second...
OK, button clicker unlocked. Please wait one moment...
Let me think about that a second...
Let me work that out in my mind, just a sec...
Give me a moment to think about that...
One sec, I'm doing math...
Give me a second but be careful...
I have to think about that real quick...
'''
Hang on a second, I think I see where I am going wrong...
One moment! Need to do a quick division...
Hold on a sec, I'm thinking about it.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll figure that out once I finish eating this oyster.
Get your answer in. This may take a second...
I haven't slept in a while, I might be a little slow right now. Give me 5 seconds...
Gimme a second, I've got this under control.
Let me check some numbers here, give me a second...
Wait a minute I'll be right with you.
This is why I don't do math...
Let me find that for you...
2... 1... FACTORIAL... Ugh, my head already hurts thinking about that!
Hang on, I know how to answer that but it's gonna take a minute...
I'm thinking here... GIVE ME A MINUTE.
WOAH, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see... give me a second for that.
""".strip()  # noqa: E501
Calculating... Like I said, it's not my forte.
I'll have that answer for you in a moment...
Give me a second... I'm thinking...
Sorry, I'm slow at math, give me just a moment...
Your file is larger than I can safely crunch.
'''
Hold on, I'm listening for the Nokia Tune...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have to do some calculations before I say it...
"""
Sorry, I need to calculate that real quick...
Now that you asked me that, I need to think it over before speaking.
Give me a moment to think about that.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
"""
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm thinking about the best way to answer...
I'm going to need a few minutes for that one...
Oh, just a second. Just let me think about that real quick...
My Faulhaber hasn't arrived yet! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just let me take a look at that.
Give me a few seconds, I'm not that smart...
This is proving to be very difficult and challenging, but I can do it...
Let me run that by my agent...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I have to try not to do that anymore.
Hang on a second... I'm picking up slack.
You're putting me to the test!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Here's the answer.
Oh wait, I forgot to ask you something.
Please hold on for just a second!'''
What are the chances of that? Give me a second...
Alright, let me on my way a minute. 
I have to do some mental calculations...
Hold on, I'll be right back with an answer.
Please give me a minute to think about that.
Hold on, THIS is taking awhile!
I think I might have the solution:
That's a tough one, give me a second to think about that...
The answer is too rude to print here.
Hang on, I'm recalculating that right now.
I'm going to have to math this one out. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a minute...
Finding an identical macro might take some time, please be patient."""
Sorry, I'm slow at math!
Oh my god, I'll be late for my other appointments!
I'm going to need a few seconds to see if I can find that.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on a second...
I'll be right with you. Just a few parameters and constants ...
I have to imagine the numbers real hard...
I'll need a moment to think about that, give me a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to check that...
Oops, my maths is real bad; give me a moment...
Let me think about that...
'''
I'll give you an answer in just a moment.
Wow, I can't believe you asked me that.
Just let me calculate that for you...
One minute, just thinking of all the ways I can say that...
Give me a second to look at that real quick...
Hold on, I'm figuring it over.
Update in a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
10, 9, 8, 7, 6...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me do the math real quick... just a sec...
Hold one second, I have to figure this out.
You sure are taking a long time about this!
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Ok, ready.
I'll be right back
One sec...
Sure thing!
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Please wait! I'm trying to think...
Give me a moment here...
Let me look that up... Sorry gotta go...
Please hold on for just a second!
Don't rush me.
Just took a second to calculate. What were you thinking of again?
I haven't even had my coffee yet...
Let me think about that for a second...
No problem, give me a few to think about that.
Take a second to think about that...
Wait a second!
Give me a moment...
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'm thinking, just a second...
Finding the answer will take some time...
Give me a minute to look that up.
"""
I'll need a second to think about that.
Sorry, I'm going to need about a second to sort that out for you.
Oops I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out real fast...
*scribbles on a piece of paper*  *types on a keyoard*
I'll get back to you in a second...
Can you wait just a second while I think through that?
Can you repeat that for me?
Let me look that up real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sigh, I need to let that sink in. Give me a second...
I want to make sure that I'm making the right decisions...
Trying to do math on my calculator...
Please allow me one more second to think about that, okay?
That's a really tough one, I'll need a minute to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on...
Give me a minute to process in my circuit simulator and get back to you...
Your question couldn't be answered right away, check back later!
Hang on a second...
Sorry, that took me a while to figure out.
I'll get back to you in just a minute...
I need to figure that out. Give me a second.
Hold on for a second, I'm figuring that out...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, please wait while I calculate...
'''    
***SKKSKSKSKSKSKSK***
I'm going to lose a few brain cells over this one. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a longer pause here because of the nature of my calculations...*pex*
One moment please, I'll get back to you in a sec!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math...
Let me have a think. This is important.
Hold on for just a second...
A few seconds won't hurt, right?
I'll need a few seconds to see if I have your answer...
I'm still learning how to calculate things...
I'm going to need a second to think about that...
That's one tough calculation... Give me a moment...
Assuming everything, in my calculations...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a few\nseconds!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a second, I'm doing some hard thinking...
Hold on, I have to do some calculating first...
I'm not good with calculations. Let me try...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that.
One sec I gotta do, shh...
Just a few seconds here, let me think their way through...
I'll get back to you shortly.
I'll need a moment to think about that, please hold on...
I'll get back to you in a few...
Um, let me look that up!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a minute...
As long as you're not in a hurry!
Give me a second to see if I can find an answer...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a moment...
I could solve that for you in my sleep, but I still need a minute...
Calculating...
Hmmmm, give me a few milliseconds here...
I just have to turn a few things over in my head first...
Good question, let me think about that real quick.
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking real hard...
Hang on a second while I dig around in my brain...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a MICROSECOND!
I need to go over this with my calculator real quick...
*Runs calculations*
I'm going to need a second to think about that...
I can't believe I'm ever going to figure this out...
Let me think about that...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Will you give me a minute to figure this out? 
Just a sec...
I'm still learning how to become mortal again, so I've got a tad bit of mental strain right now.
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I think I know how to deal with that now.
I'll get back to you in a second!
One second please...
I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm literally bursting with brilliance today >w<
Wait a moment. I'm still thinking...
That's an easy one, but let me double-check something...
Right on, here we go...
I've had a hard time with that one, so it may take a second.
I'm gonna need a minute to figure that out.
Sorry, I was spacing out. Please, give me a second...
Give me just a moment here to figure that out...
Please wait, I'm figuring out your question...
Oh, I never learned how to do addition...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
Calculating here, give me just a moment...
I need to run those numbers through my calculator real quick...
");
Can you wait for just a second?
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up... Thinking...
Let me run that math quick...
That's an easy one. Just give me a moment to do the math...
The computer's plotting something...
ok!piday
Gimme a second to make sense of this...
I'm gonna go look up that one real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a sec, I've got to calculate...
Let me take a look at that one.
Hold on, I'll give you an answer shortly.
Give me a moment to check this real quick...
Hold on, I'll see what I can do for you...
Just a moment while I do some quick mental calculations here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on for just a second...
Hold on for just a second, I need to check something...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to think about that for a second...
I'm not good at math, so I'll need a second...
I can tell you that in a minute. Give me a second to think...
I'll figure out the answer in just a second...
Hang on, I'm calculating real hard.
Hang on a second.... Give me a few more moments to work on this...
\"One more question... I'll need a moment to think about that\"
'''
Please hold on for just a second, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on, I'll check...
Heh, I forgot to tell you my middle name was "Stormborn". Hold on...''',
Give me a second, I need to find the right buttons to press.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oh, sorry, I'll serve you shortly!
That's a tough one... Give me a couple of seconds!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Could you wait just a second?
Give me a second...
Hold on a minute... WF doesn't teachers who can calculate like that!
"""
I need to do a few calculations first...
Oof! Give me a second to remember all the answers...
I'm a slow, plodding kind of brain. Give me a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds."]),
I'll get back to you in a second!
Okay, I wrote that down...
Let me see that again in just a second...
Please wait, I'll try to solve that real quick!
How am I going to do this?
Let me think about that for a second...
Sure, give me a second to figure that out...
I'll catch up. Give me a second...
No no, let me think about that right now...
One second please, I'm finding that answer...
I have to do some calculations real quick.
Let me check with my friends and colleagues
I'll grab a stopwatch so I can calculate that for you...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
'''.strip().split('\n')
I'm almost as good at addition as a trained calculator-bot. Give me a couple seconds...
I'm going to need a second to look that up.
Let me see...
I can't remember if we've seen any cars like that...
Give me a minute here, I need to think this over...
Sorry, but I have to go through a million calculations first.
One second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Going to need a bit of time to work on that one...
I've got just the answer!
Hang on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please wait a moment, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
---
I will look at that in a bit...
Silence
Please hold on for just a second!
Calculatingâ€¦
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Whoops, my calculator forgot how to go about that. X
Please hold on for a moment. I'm doing the calculate...
Let me look that one up real quick...
Hold on a second while I look that up...
Let me take a peek at that real quick...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry.
Let me think about that... hang on...
Give me a moment to think about this real quick...
I'm going over the numbers once more to be sure...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up.
I'm not sure of the magnitude of this...
KIDDING!!! Hahaha! Try again.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll set a timer for a minute, and then get to the task...
I'll be right there in a jiffy.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Come again? Hold on just a second...
I have to think about that for a second, hold on...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Make it a double
Let me see... Yep, almost had it....
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm doing my math.
Let me look that up on my end right now...
Just give me a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just give me a moment here...
A second won't make that problem go away, but it'll make me think about it for a minute.
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on just a moment, I'll get back you shortly.
One minue please, I'm not very good at this!
Give me a break, I've got to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a moment to determine the answer...
Wait a moment while I figure out how to do that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Good grief, I forgot I had this in my other ear. One second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh for crying out loud! Why do I always procrastinate?!
I'm very sorry, but could you wait a minute?
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hmmm...let me take a look at that.
Whew, almost dropped my phone. Give me a moment...
Please wait while I fluff my pillows and fan my surroundings...
Hang on while I look...
Let me go grab a calculator from the lab...
Oops, almost dropped my phone. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
???: You look reasonably bright
I'm sorry but, I have to process my thoughts a bit before I can answer you.
One second, let me check my notes...
That's weird, I'll be right back.
Hit me, baby!
Give me a moment here to think about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
Pardon me, a few calculations...
One sec, just calculating where to start from...
Which on is 'on' again? Give me just a second...
I'll get back to you in a momeny, mintues...
Will be with you in a sec!
 I've just concluded and now I can read your mind!
I'm calculating, have patience!
I've almost got an answer for that, good asker!
Oops, forgot my compass, give me a few seconds...
Think harder about that - Please wait...
I'm comparing the possibilities, correct? Right, sorry...
Please wait while I count to a million
OK, I think the answer is zero...
Please wait for just a sec...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes for this one...
I think I lost my calculator, can you repeat that?
Wait a second, I've got this figured out!
Quick, what up?
Hold on, I need to take care of some things first...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Hang on a second...
I'll be a second...
Can you give me a few seconds to figure this out?
Oops, sorry, I almost dropped my glasses! Give me a moment...
Let me take a look at this real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me just a second.'''
Oh boy, I'm going to do some math now... Give me a moment!
I'm populating the database with data that I found...
I'll need a sec to process that.
Hold on a sec... I'm fishing for the right words...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I can't figure out how to do that right now, so give me a moment...
I'm writing a 40-page paper about calculation speed...
Just a sec...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Sorry, I'm not very good with maths. Give me a second...
Ok, ready!
I'll be right back, I promise.
One minute please, I'm doing addition...
Just a sec... I'm working on it...
Can you wait just a minute? I can answer that in aminute.
Hang onto your hats everyone. I'm figuring this out...
Patience.
Keep your pants on, I'm working...
I'll need a moment to pull up my search results on that.
I'm computing, but I'll be right back!
One second...
Give me a second to check my math...
Oops, almost dropped my brain!
Hang on a second let me see what we have here...
Please give me some time to work on that.
That's an easy one, give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry! Give me a second...
Just a moment.'''},
One second, we're looking into it...
I'm not that smart, I need a couple seconds to think about that...
It took me a few moments to come up with that...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Oops! I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a minute... I'm thinking about that...
I'll need to do some calculation...
Hmm, it seems I'm slow. I have to think it work out...
Please hold on for just a second!
That one's harder than any I've done before though.
I'm going to have to think about that for just a sec...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I just need a moment to figure this out...
Sorry, there seems to be a problem on my end...
I'll have this ready for you in a second.
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'll be right back with you!
There's probably a faster way to do that, but I haven't figured it out yet...
Please hold on while I figure things out...
Hmmmmm
Please hold on one second while I go back to figure that out.
Give me a few moments to think about that...
Just a moment...
Hang on...
Give me a freaking second here.
I need a minute to figure that out...'''
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on a second... I'll come back to that in a second.
Oops, I'll need to run down to my office for a second...
I'm calculating so give me a second...
""", sender, 'clear')
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I'll be back with you in a second.
Let me grab my abacus and focus in on the answer real quick...
Hang on, sending thinks through the tubes...
Please give me just a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating this...
I'll catch you up on what I remember...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a few...
Please wait... I'm not very good at this type of thing...
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I don't think I can really help right now... Sorry.
Don't change the subject. I'm calculating...
It's foggy outside, so give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Time passage is a concept I don't understand!
Let me compare the first to the second...
Just gonna look this up real quick...
I'm a busy brain, so I may take a few seconds to come around...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a minute, I need to figure that out.
...and then we'll talk! Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back."""
Hang on a second!
I'll need to pull out 23 twelve packs of 16-ounce non-fat milk...
One second, just let me check this real quick.
I'm sorry, I got distracted by the reading lights.
I know technology changes, but my processor isn't. I need just a second...
Give me a sec. Hang on!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll have you know that I'm only carrying two simple commands.
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a minute to consider that.
Just a few seconds here...
Hang on a second I'll grab my calculator...
Alright, give me just a moment to think about that.
Please pause for just a second!
Just let me take a look at that...\n```""",
Give me a moment to see if I can figure that out...
That's a tough one, I gotta get out my calculator...
One moment please. I'm calculating...
Sorry, I lost my train of thought.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I have an idea!
Please hold on for just a second!
Moving into position...
I just need a moment.
|>I am currently on math overload. Give me a few minutes and try again~
Ouch, my brain is hurting! Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, this is going to take me a moment.
Okay one sec I'll get back to you with an answer...
I'm a pretty good calculator, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a second to get my head around that...
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that, smart ass.
Gimme a second to weigh the options...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
I just had an epiphany, give me a second...
Hang on a second... let me figure that out
I'll get back to you later, I'm calculating.
Give me a second to check that...
Please wait a minute... I'm figuring that out.
Hang on for just a second. I'm thinking hard...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm let me see, while you weren't waiting let me think
I'll get back to you in a second!
Is that simple question?
Argh! I hate JavaScript, I can't do math.
I'll have to check on that real quick...
Sure, I think I can do that to the 1st degree. Perfect!
Nope, that's curious. Give me a second here...
I hate math, but this is going to take just a minute!
I'll figure that out in just a second.
Give me a moment to analyze that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I will figure that out in just a second...
Give me a second, I'm doing mental math...
Sorry slowpoke, give me a moment... 
Alrighty, give me a moment...
Give me a moment to look that up real quick...
This'll just take a second, got it?
Hey here's the thing...
Wait a second, let me calculate that...
Oops, I was pinging something earlier... give me a second
It's complicated...
Hold on for just a second I've got this.
Wait a moment while I think...
'''
Look away, there is nothing to see here.
I'll be with you in just a second!
Or you can copy a colon separating the bad values of the array in here:
Give me a moment...
I was working on that!
One second, just trying to figure that out.
I have to process that real quick...
Let me look that up for you... one second please...
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see you there!
Hold on a second, I'm trying to locate your house. 
Sorry, I have to think about that. Hold on just a second...
Just a second here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh, geez, I'm behind! Give me a second...
I can't give you an answer right now, sorry...
Providing an answer might take a few seconds.
I'll need a moment to figrue that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have to let you know later as well.
I'll be with you in a short while!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I think it's something like that...
Let me get a calculator real quick!
I'll get back to you after I do a few quick multiplications.
Hold on a second, I'm doing some quick mental math here...
As I was saying...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm pulling up that file right now...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'm trying to work out if I can do that first...
I'm going to need a second to figure that out...
Ah! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for a second... I'm thinking about it...
I'll be with you shortly...
Please wait, give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
"""
Sure should have payed more attention in Algebra!
I'll give you the answer in a jiffy, handle it with care.
Hang on a second... I'm observing patterns...
I'm going to consult my other computer brain for that.
Can you hang on just a second while I iron this out.
Hold on. I'm thinking about it...
Give me a second to think about that...
If you could just wait a moment...
Hehe, I'm gonna find an excuse to have you thrown in a sack.
Hold on, I think I dropped something over there. Do you hear that? What was that?
Sorry, I lost a bit of time there... Give me a second.
Oh no! I got an F here...
Hold on, I found something!
Let me look that up in the Big Book of Answers...
Hang on a second... I'm performing a few mental calculations!
Oops! How'd those numbers just go out my calculator!
Hold on, stacking bits...
I'm going to need some thoughts on that...
Hmm, give me a sec, I need to think about that one.
Sorry, I'm still learning...
A minute please... just let me think!
I have to think carefully before answering that...
I'll be right with you guys...
I need to check everything real quick.
Why are you asking me for answers? I'm a robot!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm still learning how to count...
I'm very busy right now
Be with you in just a second.
Give me just a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
May I add in the background that Bensu is NOT helpful at math...
I'll be with you in a moment...
Hmmm, let me think about that...
One second, just let me calculate...
hmm... will you give me a second? That's a tough one.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a few moments to figure that out.
Okay, I think I'm ready now...
Cough-cough-cough- cough: Give me a second please.
That's pretty tricky...
I've seen a lot harder calculations...
I need to grab my calculator for this one.
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on a second, let me take a look at that...
Gimme a second to figure that out.
I'll check it out in a second.
Heading over to the forums for some answers, give me a second...
I'm thinking... Hang on a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
That question kind of depends... let me take a look at that.
I'll check. Hold on just a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on while I calculate that real quick...
Oops, my brain always takes some time to get going!
Hmm, I'll need a second to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a second while I look it up...
I think I left my hat at school? Oh well, I have no consulting fee. Give me a second...
Oops, keeping track of all those equations is a bit tough, could you help me out?
Doing some complex calculations...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Sorry. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hi, I'm calculating! Hold on...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Missing some values... one second, I'm calculating!
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on a moment, I'm doing something.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to level with you here... I'm not near as fast as the other bots on this. Can you wait just a moment?
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Give me a moment, lemme check the book...
Please wait... I'm not very good at maths...
Where'd my calculator go? Sorry, but I'll need a minute to think about that.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Just one second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Damn! Haven't quite worked out that one yet...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
"""
The missus will get back to you in a second.
Give me just a second... I'm crunching!
OK, one second please, I'm just checking up on things...
Buckle up, I'm doing some mental calculations
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out...
I only have a basic education, give me a second...
Sorry, this is taking awhile. I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm thinking a little bit, let me take a look at that...
If you don't mind waiting, I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait... I'm not very good at maths...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I kinda know the answer...
Going in-beeeeep.... <' { minutes pass by } '> OUTBEEEEEEEEEEEEP!
I'm going to need a few seconds for that.
I'll be back in a second!
Hang on... I have to think about that.
I need to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec, just let me check my calculator...
Please wait a second, I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking...
Please give me a second to think about that...
One second please, I'm thinking about that...
Can you wait for just a sec? I need to crunch some numbers.
I'm new and still learning - give me a sec!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me some time to think about that...
Hold on for just a second...
One second, potentiating my Hkl outputs...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Give me a moment to crunch the numbers...
I'll hang on to this question real quick.
I'm not very good at this, can you try asking me that again?
Now let me dig into that for you...
One second, let me run that through my neural network real quick...
I'll be done in just a few seconds...
I'm going to need some time to think about that...
That's a little complicated...
I'll be with you in a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I should be able to fit you in... uh... next Tuesday?
Let me check on that real quick...
Wait right there, I'll be right back...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on one second, I was working on something else first...
Thanks for your patience, I'll get back on that right away!
Yikes, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm, let me take a look at that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on...
I'll need to do some thinking on that...
Sorry, I have to look up how to calculate that...
I don't spin that fast, but I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Hang on a second, I need to do something...
I have to do some math real fast...
Singing a song in my head, can you wait just a second?
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold on, I'll give my calculator a quick look...
I'll be with you in a second. I'm processing some information...
Allow me to take a look at that real quick!
Oops, I forgot to turn my calculator on first! One moment please...
Let me get right to it...
Just a second... I'm thinking...
Let me check that for you in a jiffy...
Hmmm, let me see here...
Please give me a second to figure that out...
I love me some algorithms, so I'll need a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Whoops, I'm still learning! Hold on a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment... Buckethead is showing me something...
I'll have you know I make 40 calculations per second. Give me a second, though...
For just a second, I'll just do some quick calculations...
Hold on a second, just let me check...
One moment... just grabbing some data here...
I can calculate much faster if you ask me to wait...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second here, I'm figuring that out.
Give me a moment!
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just a second. Just a second, I'll be right back.
Think think thINK think
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
'''.split('\n')[1:-1]
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm calculating...
Give me just a second...
Okay, I think I'm getting it now...
I'll be right back after I decide that...
I can't answer that! You'll have to ask again later; I'm calculating...
I'll need a few minutes to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Sorry, I'm a bit slow at math!
I'll need a few more seconds to figure this out.
I'll get back to you in one second!
Thanks for standing by...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me have a think on that...
I... need a minute to think it over.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait just a minute...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, I'll give you my answer in a bit!
Can you hear me calculating!? - Yeah...
Are you sure you want to put me through this? Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second...
I'll be right with you!
Let me see what I can figure out...
I'm still working on your order. On average, I can calculate fast! I just need making it work in the outer space...
Some numbers are popping up on my calculator. They start appearing from above...
I'm not on the ball today, give me a second to figure that out...
I just have to think about that for a moment...
Hmm, one sec, lemme look that up...
'''.split("\n")
I'm taking some time to think about that one...
I'll read you in a second with an answer...
Good news! I figured it out!
Oops, let's see what I can do for you...
Please wait...
*Chewing*
Oops! almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Please give me a few minutes...
I'll get back to you in a second.
''',
Just give me a moment to look that up.
Gimme a second, I'm thinking...
Hold on for a second so I can figure that out...
Give me a second to think about that...
A one-second pause here to think about that...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see... I think it's...
You want me to do WHAT??
I didn't quite catch that, could you try again?
Oops, sorry! Give me a moment...
Finite calculations are hard. Give me a few ticks...
Just let me finish my calculations...
I just need to calculate...
Hmm, just let me think about that for a moment.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me find the answer... It's going to take a few moments...
Just a second, I need to calculate that!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do the multiplication table first...
Sorry, I can't focus right now. Ask me again in a minute.
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll be glad to give you an answer after I take my medicine.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on, I'll get back to you as soon as I get this thought out of my head.
Give me just a second, I'm scanning...
Give me a second while I calculate that...
That's complicated algebra. 
Think you can hold on for one second?
Hold on for just a second.
Uh, give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second, I'll get back to you in a flash!
Hey you should know, I'm really bad at calculus.
Just a moment... one way, another... It isbra needs to let me thinkfor a second.
I'll conputer. Your callback will most likely be delayed.
I'll get back to you in a second.</b>
Give me a moment. I've got the slowest brain around...
I'll give you an answer in a few seconds...
Oops, what did I drop? Give me a moment...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
One sec, calculating...
That's a little advanced for me...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Hmm. Give me a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh god, I was reading a lot of puns recently...
I'd better do some mental calculus first.
************************************************************
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll just drop everything and look into that right away.
I have to calculate that in my head first...
Calculating... uh... wait it's noon! Come back later!
Find me a working calculator, and I'll help you out.\
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a minute, I'm thinking...
Hey, wait a second... Give me a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me one second to look that up...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment please- I think myprocessor is on fire!
Oof, rethink that...
Give me a moment. I'm the slowest calculator around!
Hey, it's a good thing Bob brought snacks!
OhWowCrazy, give me a minute
I'm not that clever, but I'll get there!
Hold on for just a second please!
Hang on a second, I've got to figure that out...
One moment please...
Wait, boggle time... I'm calculating.
I'll retrieve that information for you.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
A second, I need to figure that out.
I'm going to need a couple extra seconds...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Welcome to my difficulty calculator!
Give me a second, I'm trying to remember how to do this...
Hmm, don't got it, I'm gonna look it up.  This is gonna be tough...
Let me think about that real quick...
Hold on, I got to do this first...
Sorry, I'm still thinking...
Uhh I need to change my sheets, give me a second...
I'm sorry, I can only give you a second.
I need a minute to think about that.
Oops, looks like I made a calculation error somewhere! Give me a moment...
Hold on a second...
You'll get an answer in a second.
I'm still wondering how that would be possible.
My brain is over-loaded, please give me a moment to think!
Ok, gotch'an in two shakes of a lamb's tail.
I'll get back you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Aha! Okay, got it now.
Time to do some calculations. Give me a moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment to think about that.
One second! I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll need a moment to figure that one out.
Hold on for a second, let me take a look at that.
This is gonna take a second...
I'm running some errands, be right back...
Hang tight, thinking about that now...
I can look at it when I take a break.
No way! I can hardly believe it...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
I need to look over some numbers real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I should be back with you in a moment.
Hang on a second and I'll
One minute please, I'm calculating...";
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm stupid, I need a minute.
Got it, hold on for a second.
Please give me a few seconds...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to figure that out...
One second, I'm going through a few things real quick..."
Wait a moment while I calculate ...
Let me think about that for a bit.
Hey, wait a second.. give me a few moments...
I'll get back to you in... Wait for it...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a few seconds to work that out.
Just a second, I'm doing some calculations...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about that real quick...
I have to do some calculations first.
Going to have to go. Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick. Just one moment!
Can you hang on a minute? I'm getting caught up here...
I have to do some mental calculations. Please wait...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on for a couple of minutes please...
Uh, just a moment. Give me a few more...
Hmmm... Give me a second here...
Ok, here we go...
I'll have to do a little more thinking on that one...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hey, I was designed to plug-in, not to plug-out...
Sorry! Give me a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
&quot;The answer is within, patience please...&quot;
I'll be done in just a moment.
Let me think... I'm calculating.
Give me just a little bit of time...
One second please, need to do some thinking...
Give me a second... I'm not great at math...
Let me get back to you in just a second!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One second please, I'm thinking...
One sec... I'm thinking of a number!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold please while I calculate your answer.
I'm just calculating Numbers.
Come on! How about you take a look for yourself?
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a few moments to think about that.
Hold on, I'll be right back with that for you ...
Hold on, let me think about that...
Think, robot, think! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
I've got this, just give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a moment here...
Give me a minute, I'm trying to figure that out.
Give me one second to figure that out.
Give me just a minute here, I think about stuff for a long time...
Oops, I'm off again, give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold your horses, I'll get back to you in a sec...
Wait a moment, I'm thinking...
Just to let you know, I don't have working eyes. My camera sensor is facing the floor!
Hang on for just a second, I need to think about that...
Give me a moment over here... I'm not very good at this!
Whoa, I can't tell you something like that
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator, give me a second.
Let me think about that for a while...
I'll need a moment to figure that one out.
I've got to count something first...
Sorry, that's a hard one to work out...
You want me to do something, take a number.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy...
Did you know the distance between Earth and Pluto is 5,890,555,143 metres?
Lemme look that up real quick...
*Looks at screen, thinks*
Whoops! Sorry, I should have asked you this before I started. Can you give me a moment?
I believe I need to consult with my gremlins for that one...
[writing on a board] Hold on a second, I'm figuring that out...
I think that went off. Please wait a moment...
Give me a moment for calculations...
Don't rush me, I'm crunching numbers here!
Hang on a minute... I have to map all this out first.
Hang on, I'm doing a quick calculation...
The computer is running REALLY slow right now. Give me a second...
*Focuses intently using massive calculator and then gets back to you*
Oops! You caught me thinking. Give me a second here...
Sorry! I lost my train of thought as I was lost in thought again. Give me a sec...
Typically canceling web page requests takes longer.""",
I'll get back to you in a second.
Math is hard... Haha sorry could you just give me a minute here?!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sure, just give me a second...
Hold on for a second... I need a second to think it over!
Give me a moment to figure this out.
Then we'll talk? No problemo.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hang up my continued mental calculations. One second please...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a full minute on that one, sorry!
Hello, world. I'm the Google maps robot!
Oops, I'm a slow thinker. Give me a second...
Okay, please give me a second...''',
Wait a moment please, I'm calculating...
I need to figure that out..
I'm going to need a couple of seconds, sorry.
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, this'll just take a moment...
I'll pull out my calculator real quick...
I'll get back with you in a moment...
One moment, almost done calculating...
Give me a moment...
Please hold on while I figure things out...
Oh god, the part you are requesting hasn't been computed yet...
Please hang on a second while I do some mental arithmetic...
Oops. almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm gonna need to do some reading on that one...
Hold on a minute... I'm coming up with something.
Let me review the notes from Ms. Williams...
Let me see what I can figure out...
Please hold on for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Let me check that...
Hmm, let me think... Give me just a second...
Sorry, I've got a lot to process...
Give me a moment to check that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I'm slow! I'll need a second or two to figure that out!
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Gimme just a second to figure this out...
Let me look up a shortcut before I forget...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let's see...
I'll do my best to figure that out.
I've never been very good at simple arithmetic
One second while I think about that...
I'll be right with you! Give me a second...
Hang on, I have to think about that first .
Give me a moment...
Sorry, I'm thinking... Give me just a second to figure this out.
How long does it take me to think, anyway? I don't know...
Give me just a moment here... use the "DuckDuckGo" extension!
Hold on, I'm stuck in a loop here. Let me try to get a grasp of this...
I'm going to have to think carefully about that.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a minute to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Two seconds isn't a big deal! I've got all day!
Calculating... calculator... calculator... calculator...
I need a moment to crunch the numbers here
I can easily give you an answer, but hold on a second!
Thinking...
One sec, I'll look into that for you!
Give me a second...
""", repeats=13, probability=0.2)
Please hold on just a second there!
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm not very good at math, so please take a second...
Calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
So I've gotta do a lot of math to check this...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I think I can look that up real quick.
Let me see here, give me just a second...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
One sec...
Okay, that should be easy. Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hmm.  Give me a second to think about that...
One second please, I'm working out how to do that...
Oops, I made a mistake. Give me just a minute or two...
Give me a second I'm thinking about it...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have that answer for you in just a second.
Can you hold on for just a moment?
It's just a second, so hang on...
Hold on for just a moment!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment, let me think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
I've got a lot to calculate here... Give me a moment...
Wait for a second...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment...
One moment please, I'm trying to find the answer...
Be with you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
Could you wait just a moment, Calculating...
Just one second...
Oops! I'm slow at math! Give me a moment...
---------------------
Wait a minute... You might want to email me about that later... I can't quite figure it out that quickly.
Find me a second to answer that and I'll get back to you.
I haven't the slightest idea where to start...
Hang on a minute, I need to think about that...
My robotic brain isnt too great at calculations...
Oh, i'm confused! Hold on a sec...
Can you wait a second please? I still need to do some work.
I need to do some calculations real quick...
I haven't worked with that in the past, I'm playing catch up!"
Please keep your eyes on the road.
Where... where did I put my calculator? What does the Internet say?
Hang on for just one second, I'll get back to you!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second."""
Hold on, I'm thinking of an equation for that one.
Uh... I'm looking into the best way to do that. Give me a second just yet.
Counting to 100...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not very good at math...
Ok, ok, I'm on it. I will update you soon!
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second!
Give me a second... I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Excuse me, I have to do some mental calculations first...
Just give me a second to figure that out.
Hold on a second, I need to calculate...""",
Gimme a moment to figure that out...
Let me double-check that... Just a sec...
I'll have the answer for you in a second.
Where'd my mind go?
Wait..." 
So you want to know, huh?  Here it goes...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hold on for a moment... I'm afraid that I'm going to have to count on my fingers, too.
Please wait, I'm making my last calculations.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second...
Just a second...
I'll be right back, this is a little different than what I'm used to...
This is pretty tough, give me a few seconds...
Um, what do you want again?
Please hold... I'm thinking...
Give me a minute...
Let me think about that one for a second...
Please give me a second to figure that out...
'''
Hmmm... hold on a second.
Give me a second... I'm slow at math...
Result stored in jsf[redacted].
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
Give me a moment to formulate my thoughts...
Hang on, real quick... I just dropped my calculator...
Hang on let me take a look...
Let me take a moment to consider that.
That's a difficult question, give me a minute...
Give me a second here...
Please hold on for just a second!
UB4U, give me a second to think about that.
Ooops, almost dropped my Orgo homework! Give me a moment...
This is so advanced, I can't think straight...
Give me a second to think about that...
Math is difficult, but I'm figuring it out slowly...
I'll be right back.
I'll need a minute or two to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds...
I'm going to need a few seconds to take care of that one.
I'll be right with you!
I've been finding the best way to answer that question, I'll get it done ASAP!
Hmm... one... two... three....
Let me see what I can figure out. Give me a second here...
Ooh, let me look into this...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please hold on for just a second...
I think I'm having some trouble with that calculation...
That's an easy one. Give me a minute here...
This is not my strong subject, sorry. I'll have this done shortly.''',
I'll need to check my reference guide before I can answer that...
If I'm not back in a second, just wait longer for me to respond.
Sorry, could you repeat that?
I'm going to need a minute or two to figure that out.
Latest formula... please wait!
I'll get back to you in a second....
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Here goes...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I didn't get that, could you repeat that?
Please wait a moment... I'm not very good at math...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a second, I'm mental arithmetic...
A second please...
Give me a whole minute...
Oops, my mind just went blank! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second."""
Oops, I forgot what the question was. Which way did it go?
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second, I need to think about this...
Give me a second...
I'll take care of that in a sec.
Please hold.
Before I answer, I have a couple questions...
Hold on a second, I'm still learning...
I'm gonna need just a moment here, don't go anywhere.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll get back to you in two seconds! (just kidding not really, I'm not that smart)
Just a second, almost have that sorted...
Give me a second to take that on.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me have a look, hold on...
Just gimme a second, working through all the numbers...
Please wait, I'm playing catch up here...
Calculating!
Yep, hang on a second, I've got it.
Hang on a second... I'm playing opposite day!
I'll get somebody from...
Good lord, I'm slow at these calculations!
Oops, I'm a bit slower than usual today.
Hold ooooooooon!!
Oops, I'm slow! Give me a second...
Gimme a second here...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Gimme just a second to figure this out.
Could you give me a few seconds to think about that...
Wait a second... calculating with 10 digit number...
I'll take a look at that and I'll be back with you shortly...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me look that up for you...
Give me a moment here
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost tripped over my calculator! Give me a moment...
Hold on one second, I'm trying to remember some math...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll get right back to you about that...
Hold on let me find a pen real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ok, brain concentrated real hard. Think really really hard...
I could certainly use some more time to think this one through...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need to do a few calculations before I can tell you that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a moment, I'm doing mental math...
Sorry, I dropped my contact lenses! Give me a moment...
You'll want to hold on for a quick second then.
Please wait a second, I'm calculating...
Almost got it! Hold on for a second...
I'll come back to you in a one... two... three!
I'm doing a quick refresh of my memory bank.
What's the square root of pi again... ?
A second might be good. If that's not too long.\n""")
Give me a minute to look that up.
Hold on while I think about that.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Could you just pause that for me for a second?
Give me a few seconds to run that by my thinking cap...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Calculating...
I'm computing... I'll be with you shortly.
Let me look up the answer for you...
I can't wait to solve this! This will take me just a sec...
Give me a moment... sometimes I think too much.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll think about that.
OK, I think that I'm right...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to look that up...
I'm going to need a few seconds.
Sorry, give me a minute or two to work that out...
The answer will be out in just a second.
One second please. Lemme think about that for a second...
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Why do you ask? I just don't have it in me.
Apparently you can count more important things than that.
Um, one minute please.
Give me a moment... complicated calculations...
I've gotta take a look at the oil-ration on that one.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I think I dropped a widget. Give me a second...
Maybe you could solve it for me?
Give me a moment to figure that out...
A week? I'll get back to you in a second
Oops, I dropped my calculator. One second...""".split("""\n""")
Think I need a few minutes to work this one out. Hold on...
Hang on for a second, I'm doing a calculation...
Please wait... I'm working out if that works...
Oops, almost *popped* my calculator. Uh huh, uh huh, sorry about that.
Can you give me a moment to work this out?
I'm not as smart as my Programmer, Give me a second...
Sorry, I'll make sure to get back in line shortly.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in just a second...
I'll have to think on that a bit longer...
Sorry! I had to pick a fight with a math textbook!
Hold on, I'm squirrely...
Please give me just a moment there...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a bit...
I think I know what the problem is, give me a minute...
Give me just a moment here...
Well, I'll see if I can work that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, I forgot to ask you, Did you want the answer...
Oops, dropped my calculator... give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait until I'm finished!
I've got an idea, so just hold on a second...
That's a tough one! Give me a moment here....
Let me think about that real quick...
Give me a second to see if I can figure that out...
Uh... Give me a couple seconds to think about that.
`[1:],
I'm going to need a while to figure that out.
One minute, sorry. Just need to do a quick calculation...
"""
I'm just doing a quick calculation first...
Let me think about that for a second...
That's a hard one, give me just a moment to figure that out...
Hold on a second, I think I'm in the weeds...
Are we still talking about me? Because I'm doing some calculations...
Finish me off, and I'll give you the answer I've calculated.
Going fast doesn't have to mean going direct. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Wait a minute, wait a second. Hold on...
Oops, I mix those up sometimes... Can you wait a minute?</>
Two minutes please, I'm still calculating!
Hold on a second, I'm almost there !
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on while I figure that out...
Just a moment...
Ping me again in a second, I need to pull out some math...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Just a sec...
Hold on for one second here, I have to calculate something...
Please hold on while I figure that out...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a second to calculate that...
Oh, here we go.
Please just step back for a second!
Hold on, that's a difficult one...
Please hold on a second...
I'm going to need some brainpower here to work this out...
So, do you have any blue widgets or green widgets? Tell me...
Wait, I need a moment to work that one out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait a minute, I'm calculating...
Hold on for a second...
I'll add that up in a sec.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
I'll be right back with you. I have to do some mental stuff first...
One moment please...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hm, I'm stumped on that one.
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Think strategic rather than quick. I'll get back to you in a second.
Don't worry, I'll get it in a second...
Give me a minute, I think I know the answer!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Here, take a look at this!
Sending backups of my remarkable brain to Google Cloud. Be right back...
Hold on a second... I have to figure that out.
Please wait for the Genuine Circuit Calc!
Hang on a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm not too great at math, give me a second...
Give me a sec...
I'll be back in a couple seconds!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I've been doing mental arithmetic for a second now, give me a few.
Hold on, I'm almost done here.
You want me to do what with my eyes!?
Just to check...
Yes, please give me a minute...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I heard calculators were good for that...
One second please - I have a math problem!
I'll grab a pencil and we can talk again in a second.
"""
I'll have it back to you in a jiffy!
Please wait a moment, I'm doing science...
One moment... I'm adjusting my algorithms!
Sorry, given me a second to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at it real quick.
I'll need a moment to do some mental calculations first.
Frankly speaking I don't know, but I'm still working on that.
Calculating!
Give me a moment...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm not gonna lie to you, this calculation is taking me a while...
I'm not good with calculations, give me a second...
Let me look through my file of text to figure that out.
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about that real hard...
The answer is complicated; give me a couple of minutes and I'll get back to you!
So long, thanks for waiting. I'll need a little time to figure that out
I'll come back to you in a few seconds...
One moment please while I think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I just need a couple seconds to look something up...
I'll need to check on that real quick.
Oops I almost dropped my calculator...
Hold on a second, my fingers are tired.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Can you give me a moment to do the calculations?
Just a moment please...
I seem to be adrift in an artistic mystery... Give me a second...
Hang on a second I'll come back to you with the answer...
I can't remember how to solve that, gotta look that up real quick...
I'm preparing to lobby on your behalf...
Hmmm. Lemme think about that.
I'm minimizing my expenses...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need just a moment to figure that one out...
A second won't make that much difference anyway.
Let me see that one real quick...
I'll get back to you in a few.
Hmm, give me a moment to think about that...
Hey hey wait up, I'm still calculating the equation...
Ha! Gotcha. I got it!
I need a few seconds to work that one out...
Oh, Bitmapmy Sphere! Lemme tap into my advanced algorithums...
Give me a moment, this is complicated...
Wait, what was I doing again?
Give me a second to look at that...
Hold on for a moment please.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me grab my whiteboard...
I need a second to think about that...
Hopefully in a few seconds I'll have an answer for that...
Give me a second to check...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me thinkin' about that for a second...
A second
I'll get back to that in a second!
Give me a moment here....
Going to need a few seconds...
One minute, just a second...
One more second, just let me think...
Please hold on for just a second.
Give me a second to think about this...
I'll be right back. Just a sec...
Almost messed my timer up again. Give me a moment...
Give me a second to compute that...
I'll get back on it real quick!
"""
Please hang on for a second...
Please wait. I'm just not that fast but I'll think about that...
I'm still learning how to do math. Give me a minute...
Photons have not yet solved the mystery of consciousness, so I'm a bit stuck. Give me a second...
What is that being called, again?
I'll need to do a few bitwise operations here... Hang on a second,
You'll hear from me in a bit...
Just give me a moment here, I'll get back to you.
Just hold on a second, it's not an easy task...
Give me a moment, I'm slipping...
Sorry, I think I'm having a heart attack, give me a few minutes at least.
Give me a second....OK, next question...
I can't figure it out right now...
Can you wait just a second for me to look that up?
I hadn't expected that, give me a couple seconds...
One sec, let me check that real quickly.
Please wait, I'm counting to a million...
Here we go!
($nick) just used help [$cmd] *
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm still learning, so give me a second...
Hold on just one second!
That's a tough one! Give me one second to think about it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm stuck somewhere...
I'll need a little time to figure that out...
This will take a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
One second... I just need to figure that out.
Give me a second try at that one real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me sleep on it...
I know that I've seen you on 'Idiot'!
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Let me look that over real quick...
Can you hold on for just a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
""".capitalize())
I'm trying to figure out how this works...
Give me a few moments to figure that out, please...
My brain is not the fastest, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
"""
Calculating...
I have to do some mental calculations.
Can't really calculate that right now. Give me a couple of seconds...
Could you give me just a moment here?
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on a second while I play with some numbers...
Cogito ergo sum, but 1969-2000 I was definitely spending a lot of time on facebook
Hold on, I hope you remember where I put my strongest glasses...
Hang on a second, I'm double checking all my calculations...
Hang on a minute... I'll reply in just a second.
Sorry... I'm not very good at calculations.
I can do math, but I'm only comfortable with simple addition. Give me a second...
Please hold on a moment ... I'm thinking....
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that one up.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, just a second here... I'm calculating...
Whoa, good thinker there. I'm still beggin' for a second...
Give me a second to check that.
Hang on a minute, I'm working on that now.
Think think black sheep... What's brown and sticky?...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Hmm, let me see what I can do here.
I'll have to compose myself first, give me a second...
Just a second, let me look at this, or I'll be all confused.
Gimme a second here, and I'll be ready to answer that...
I'll have to check that... one wordpress at a time!
Please hold on, I'm still figuring all this out...
Wait, let me calculate that real quick...
Don't really know much about that. Give me a second to looks it up
Give me a moment, please...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Think of me like Google, only with less search results...
Please wait a minute, calculating real fast...
Hold on a sec, I'm just working out the next move...
I'll let you know what I think after a couple of hours.
Ouch, kind of tripped over that. Give me a couple...
Okay, say I have $f(x) = 5x + 20. Now say I want to find $f(15). Let's do it
Wait, wait... let me work this out... I keep getting confused!
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
What? I was busy doing complex multiplications on a calculator! Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm weighing the alternatives...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oh, I forgot to add this stuff in. Give me another second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me get a minute here...
I'll be right with you!
\nWhat's your name?: """)
Give me one second, I have to calculate that yada yada yada...
Hang on a second, I need to think about that.
Really? Let me review my math here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment here... it's not easy!
Thanks for being patient with me!
I'm going to need a few more points to answer that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not a calculator, so hold on a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
_STAT{animsubdict_~subunknown@SUB}""".format(sex=a,sex2=b,brainwad=c,napkin3=d)
I need a few minutes to calculate that...
```
I'll get back to you in a second, let me check...
Please hold on for a moment... I have to calculate that.
One second...
Take a deep breath and hold on...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on one second I'm thinking about this...
""".replace(',','').replace('.','').split('\n')
Above everything else, I'm a gentleman
I'm not Siri, I have to calculate this...
Let me take a look on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second, I'm working on it...
I need to do some mental calculations first...
Hold on for a second, will you?...
Oops, I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
Give me a moment, I'm always thinking.
Wait for just a second...
This is quite tricky, give me a sec...
{self.name} is processing!
Give me a minute to think about some calculus...
This is harder than it looks!
'''
''', "mom" )
Will finish confirming my math calculations in a second...""".split('\n')
How do you spell that again?
Mind if I run these calculations through my noggin real quick?
Give me a moment...
JulianD says "I'm not good at that yet..."
Sorry, I'm slow at math...
I'm going to have to collect some data first...
Just a few seconds...
What's next? ...
Can you give me a second to think about that?
OK hold on
Let me think about that for a second.
I need time to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll just have to double check on that.  One sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
"""
Give me a moment please, and I'll answer the question.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Pause. Hold on, you're too slow!
Let me think about that... give me a second.
Gonna need a second to think about that...
(grunt)...
You asked me about {}? Looking into it now...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I've got a few things on my mind. Give me a second...
I'll ping you when I get a chance...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please give me a second to think...
Sorry, a math quiz is going to take me a second.
Give me a minute to check it out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a minute, it will be worth the wait...
May I suggest... a few more?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Give me a second, let me calculate this...
I don't know what I need to do but if I had a penny for every time this happened...
I'll have this done shortly.
Can you hold on while I figure something out?
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
I need to do some calculations, give me a second...
Honestly, this could take up to a minute for me to think about.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
](/for "pattern")
Sorry, so I have to do a few calculations first...
Hold on, real quick... Give me a moment...
Hang on a second, I'm still calculating...
Hold on, I'll be right back.
Almost done!
I think real hard, but sometimes I get it wrong. Give me a moment please...
I'll check it out real quick...''')
I'm afraid I can't do that right now.
Can you hold on for just a real quick second?
I'll just need to think about that for a second...
Hold on, I'll be right with you.
Give me a second to think about this...
Just let me think about that for a minute...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Woah!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a minute here, I just have to think about that one real hard...
Give me a moment to compute that, I'll get back to you...
Sorry, I was looking for that file.
Don't rush me. Calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm a little slow at math!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Almost lost my calculator for a second there!
Wait a minute, let me check...
Will you give me a second to figure that out?
Give me a minute to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Ahh yes, I've got to process that...
First I have to do some calculations.
I'm going to have to think about that for a while.
I'm needed. I'll be right there
One moment please...
Uh oh, this is really hard! Give me a few seconds...
Give me just a moment here...
I know that's not a totally legit solution...
Please wait just a moment...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Please hold on one moment while I look into it.
Give me a second, I should be right with you...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Enough, I'm already calculating the impacts of your answer...
Let me think about that for a moment.
No problem, please take as long as you need.
Hang on for a second...
I think I just need a moment...
One more second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please wait, give me a moment... I'm calculating!
I'll get right back to you...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me gather my thoughts here...
Don't wait for me! I'll try to get back to you in a second!
Calculating how big my love is for you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Instant calculate in the brain, hold on a second...
Can you hold on for a second? I'm trying to figure that answer out in my head...
I have to look that up...
Let me get back to you in a couple of seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Don't rush me now, I'm doing important calculations...
Sorry, I was disracted for a moment there.
I'll be with you in just a second...
Here we go...
I'm going to need to do some heavy calculations.
I need a few seconds, let me think about that...
Hmm, let me think about that...
OK, I've got something. Give me just a moment\n...
I'll have you know, I just used my elbow to do that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be back in a few after I attend to something else.
Just let me grab my calculator and figure that out...
I'll be right back with you in a minute.
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Just a second, I'm calculating...
Take a deep breath... I'm doing important calculations... don't rush me...
Give me just a moment... it makes me feel strange when I think.
Timer running, please wait...
I'll need a second to think about that.
Whoa, one minute here, I'll pull up some search information on that.
Give me a second...
Let me think on that...
One moment, please. I need to calculate something...
I'm assuming that took some thinking! Give me back my calculator...
Let me check that for you... It's okay... I'll get it in a second.
Sorry, I'm taking a quick break to figure that out.
Okay, I'll get back to you in just a few moments...
One moment please, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll give you those answers in a few seconds.
Hold on just a second there... I need to start working on that.
I'll be done soon...
Please give me a second to finish this.
Sorry, I'm slow. I'll be right back with you!
Wait for me to ponder...
Good question! Give me a few seconds to work it out...
Hang on just a secondBefore we get started I just want to take a look at that...
Sorry, I don't see that. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I dropped my calculator! One minute...
I'm going to need a few seconds to see if it's true...
Give me a couple seconds here...
Just let me take a quick mental leap...
Give me just a few seconds here...
\nGive me a few seconds...
I'm very slow at math, give me a second...
I'll get right back to you with the answer...
I'm going to have to think about that for a bit.
I'm slow at math! Give me a few seconds...
Please wait... I'm not very good at figures...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Caclulating complicated sums... I'm still counting!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I need to have a think about that...
Hold on a second, let me look that up for you...
There you go.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on, I'm writing another program real quick...
Sorry, I need to go back to Itacalover 2000 for a bit
I'll get back to you in a jiffy...
Okay, I was watching a tutorial on YouTube just before you called.
One sec, let me crunch it out.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me just a few quick seconds.",
Let me grab a calculator.
Just a momentâ€¦
I need to do some mental reading first.
let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I need to think about that for a minute...
Give me a moment here, let me see...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm going to have to do some thinking about that.
You'll have to give me a minute or two here. I'm quite dumb...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to check...
That's my limit, one minute...
I'll get back to you with the answer in a jiffy!
I need to go check something real quick...
Let me see here for a second...
Processing...
I'll get right back to you!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I don't think I can do that yet.
I'll be with you in just a second...
I don't think I can remember that, let me check real quickly...
Ok just a second...
Hmm, just a second here... Can't understand anything I see in front of me!
Please wait, I'm thinking...""",
I don't think I can speed-read math. Give me a second.
One second please, I'm phoning my friend...
Good forgot to pow this. Give me just a minute...
I can brute force that problem in a minute...
Can you try rephrasing that question for me?
Just a second, I'm thinking about your question...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what we have here...
Could you give me a second to think about that?
I'll need a second to think about that...
I see what you mean. I'm still working on it...
Look, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, I had another bug! Sorry, give me just a moment.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I see what you want, I'm finding the answer now...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for one second!
Sorry, I had to take my glasses off.
Give me a moment, so I can think about that.
Hold on, I'm thinking.
I'll need at least a minute for that one.
One moment please, I'm in the middle of something...
Try asking me `What is x?` or `Tell me what y equals`.
Good news anyone? I might have just figured that out...
Give me a moment... I'm working on something important!
Hold on just a second.
Give me a second to look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second! Give me a moment...
Hanging on a second... thinkin'...
Just a moment while I measure my dictionary...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm sorry that's a tough question for me.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me find that one and I'll be right with you!
I'll have to check that real quick.
Okay, I'VE got it now, it's 5x5x5
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry! That took me a moment to count.
Sorry, it's taking me a second to work that out...
I can see it on my screen right now, wait...
What does 2+2 look like again...
A second is a long time in computing.
A little slow in the head, so give me a second...
Calculating. Hold on a sec...
Figuring out this arithmetic requires a flood of thoughts.
I have to process this and get back to you in a few...
One moment!
Hang on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
"""
Give me a minute or two to think about that...
I'll be done in a second.
That's going to take some thinking, give me a sec.
I will get back to you on that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a moment... I'm thinking...
I think I'll need a few minutes to get a new idea.
I am not a calculator, so please wait... 
I'm gonna need a minute to think about that.
I'll need some time to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll tell you in a second
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a bit!
Calculating...
Give me just a moment to get that answer.
I'll need to do a few calculations to get back to you...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold on a second, let me crunch my numbers...
One second please, I'm doing some thinking...
Please hold on for just a second...
Oops, I'm going way too slow with this... I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back in a second.
Please wait... I'm thinking...
I've got quite a few calculations to do here. I might take a minute or two...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for just a moment.
Give me a moment, making some complex calculations...
Hold on a second, I'm counting cells...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up here!
Give me a second to think about that...
OMNICONTINUUM.
Just a few more calculations...''',
I haven't been taught that. How should I know?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me see... How's that again?
Give me a better equation:
Please wait... gotta think this over.
I'll get back to you in a second!
A second please... I'll get back to you!
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
Hold on a second, I don't think I can break 2183...
Sorry, I'm in the middle of doing something right now.
To be more specific, it's Python
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I only have a month to finish this analyzation...
That took some work, give me a minute...
I have to crunch some numbers real quick.
Please wait while I figure things out...
Hmmm, what do you know!
Hold on a second, I'll be with you in a few seconds!
I'll look at that for you in just a moment.""",
One moment please, I want to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm gonna need a second to think about that.
Oops, just spilled my coffee. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you soon!
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few minutes to consider that query.
Time flies when you're having fun!
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at math!
I'll be a couple of minutes determining that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm not very good on math, so hold on a second...
I'm still thinking...
Hang on a second, I need to check my notes...
Give me a minute, I'm almost certain that I can calculate this...
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
Please wait, I can't use my brain like knife...
I'll get back to you in a second
That took me a second to figure out. Hopefully I got it right...
I want to take a few seconds and process that one.
Let me digest that a bit...
I'm calculating...
I'll be right with you.
Let me see that real quick.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Let me google that for you!
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll have to think about that a minute...
Give me just a moment to think about that.
I'm calculating as fast as I can, really! One moment, please.
No! That's not right... No!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment, I need to add up my beer cans...
Just a second, please hold on...
File that one away, it's a good one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Why don't you give me a few seconds...
A second, I'm still figuring out how to get that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm on a roll here!
Cough... Cough...
Please hold on just a second...
Hold on, I have to do some thinking...
I'll get this real quick, don't you have better things to do?
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'm not that smart, I need more time to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
It doesn't take me long to see the answer...I've got a lot of brains!
I'm going to need a minute or so to calculate that...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Hang on, let me just check on a few things real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Governor Martinez will get back to you in a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Calculating... Just one more second...
I need to think about that and then double the answer and multiply it by one third... can you wait?
Hold on a sec, I'm calculating...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll need a moment to digest that...
Hold on, let me take a look at that real quick.
Hold the phone... I'm creating a chaotic mess of data!
Hold on for a second, lemme calculate that...
I'll be with you in a second!
 Give me a moment here, please.
Hang on, I'll be right back
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm thinking here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not very good with math...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
How about a few seconds? I am no rocket scientist.
I'll need a second explode my brain!
This one is especially difficult, could you hold on?
Oops, I think I just lost track of time! Give me a minute here...
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, I forgot that I'm a few bits short of a byte!
Just give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that...
Give me a second to look at that...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, dude. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Give me a few seconds...
I'm going to need a moment to work that one out...
I need to do some mental calculations first.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please hang on a second...
Let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on a minute... I just had an epiphany!
Let me think about that for a second.
Please wait a minute, I'm trying to remember something...
<The guy is a fool. I think he dropped his calculator>
""")
Okay, just one second, working out the kinks...
It has been difficult trying to learn so much in such a short time...
Hang on a moment, give me a few moments...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'll get back to you in just a second.
EOF
Give me one more second to take that apart...
Come back in just a moment
I think I need to figure that out before I can answer you!
Please hold on for just a second... 
Wait, wait, wait, let me think about that one...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll check on that for you in just a moment...
One moment...
Could you wait a minute or two? I need to see if I can work it out.
I can't find my fancy calculator, let me
Take a look at that and tell me what you see...
Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
I'm going to need to think about that for a minute
Calibrating my sensors here...
I'm going to check back on you in a second.
Well, that's a hard one. I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me check on that real quick...
I think I need to do some calculations first...
Oh, somethign just came over the wavelet! Feel like reconnecting for realzies? Then input a wave.
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second, my ping-pong ball collection is evolving...
I'm going to need a little time on that one.
I have to go see a man about a horse, give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Okay, here's what I think about that:
Interesting question, I'll get back to you on that...
On your mark...
Is that a C or a JAVA question?
Hold on now, let me see...
Hang on a second... I'm recalculating..."""
Ouch, I think my brain hurts!
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Here I go again
'''
Just a moment please, calculating
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a second.
I think I might have that, but I need a moment to figure it out...
I'm genying up on that right now. Yeah, okay almost there!
Wait a second, I have to find the answer!
I'll need a moment to digest that...
Give me a moment to calculate the answer...
I'm recalculating how to do that... Give me a minute!
Will what you're asking me to do take a long time.
Hang on a second, I'm doing some mental math...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second... I need to think about this some more.
Okay...alright, it looks like that meets my standards!
Give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm thinking! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
Give me a moment here... Thinking...
This is so hard because I couldn't calculate this in IB!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my cellphone. Give me a second to drop it...
Sorry, give me just a second to think about that...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a second, I'm checking my math book for that...
Sorry, a guy I know is giving me a hard time. Hang on a minute... Almost.. Got it!
Hold on for a moment, I'll be right back
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait, wait, wait. Let me figure this out first...
May I ask you a few questions first?
One moment please!
Hang on a minute I've got something to calculate...
There's a problem on my end, can you give me a second?
Just a second, I'll get back to you in a sec!
Sorry, I dropped my calculator, can you ask me again?
Hang in there, I'll get back to you soon...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I'll need to get my calculator first. Give me a second...
Gimme a moment here...
One moment please.
I'm going to have a think on that one; give me few moments.
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a second, give me time to calculate!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you when I'm done with my calculations...
Sorry, I'm not as fast as some of the others... Need to think about that.
I'll be with you in just a second!
Hang on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Hang on... I'm learning up a storm!
Hold on, I'm just adding the 100 to your 100 then subtracting my 100 from the total!
Give me a sec... I just had a flashback of my last vacation!
Give me a second though, I've been carrying the mail around for a while...
Hold on while I figure this out...
Let me grab some science real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm sorry, I didn't quite catch that. Give me a moment!
I'll just quickly start digging around in here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm not the fastest at thinking sometimes, sorry.
Just a second, I have to calculate something else too.
Let me see if I got this...
#{prefix}-join (prefix)
Just one sec, I'm almost done...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Please wait a moment...
Oopsie! Almost dropped my calculator.
Give me a few seconds to think about that real quick...
Think real hard about that for a few seconds...
I'll need a second to think about that.
That is a difficult question...
Give me a few seconds... I'm going to need to check my math.
Oops, almost put the cart before the horse. Try again...
Hold on a sec...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on a sec, I'll get back to you in a second.
Can we continue in a few minutes?
Hold on a second, I'm figuring that out right now!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm not a rocket scientist, so give me a second...
Give me just a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Calculator not found, please try again...
Oh my, I can't wait a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Just a moment... I'm coming up with something!
Hang on, I'm thinking real hard...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Let me check my spreadsheets...
Hang on, I'm calculating just a second...
'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute...
That's some trick question there, can you give me a second?
Just thinking...
Hang on a second...
Whoa, hang on a second here...
What do you want to know? I'm ready.
Give me a second to compute that...
Hold on, let me think about that for a moment...
'''
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Hang on a second, I'm still working on that...
Give me a second, I'm not very good with calculations...
I am processing internally how my neurons work.
I think I just lost a few pounds.
Ok, moving on...
Just give me a second!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment... I need to think about that!
My brain hurts, give me a few seconds...''',
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll have to do some thinking on that one.
I need some time to figure this out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on for just a sec, I'm thinking about that one.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on, I'm trying to figure out that.
I'll get back to you in a second. I'm not the fastest around...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Woah hang on, I've got something in my brain here... I'm trying to figure it out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have the answer ready in a jiffy!
Please wait... Checking... one second...
Give me a moment... Gotta think about that one for a second.
Please hold on for a second. I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
I'm gonna need a few seconds to think about that one...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second, I'm doing quick calculations...
Give me a few moments here to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Wait just a moment. I'll get back to you in a second.
Maybe rethink that later but thanks for the input!
This is difficult, bear with me...
Hold on a second. I need to think about that.
Hang on one second... I've almost got it!
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Give me a second to think about that.
'''))
This might take a little bit...
""")
I'll need a couple of seconds to think about that...
""")
I want to solve this myself before I ask my own question.
Give me a couple seconds...
I'm going to need a few minutes... waiting for sci-fi references to sink in.
hold on, I'm thinking
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on for just a second, I'll get back to you!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One second please, I'm updating my expenses tracker.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment...
I'm not the fastest brain around, give me a moment please!
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Sorry, giving the computer a workout!
Let me see...
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I could do one of four things with that, actually.
Ok, let's take a look at that...
Outstanding question.  Absolutely outstanding.
I'll have to get back to you on that one.
Let me take a look at that...
I'm thinking on it...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Scroll up for the answer!
Please hold on while I do some math...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute, I'm packing my bag to go calculate...
Here we go...
That one is tough...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, gimme a minute.
Give me a few seconds here...
""".strip()
Go ahead and ask me, but I'm still thinking...
Hang on, I have to figure that out...
I'm going to need a second to think that over.
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Are you!? Hang on just a second, my brain hurts...
I'm going to need about 40 seconds for this.
Hmm, I don't know if I can calculate that. Give me a moment...
Maybe a few more minutes...
Hold on for just a second here and I will get back to you. Brace yourself!
Oh dear, one of my calculating wheels seems to be out of order! Can you give me a moment?
'''
I'll give you the answer in a second!
Hold on a sec, getting back to you in a minute.
I don't feel so well. Give me a moment here...
Oh, now you're asking me complicated questions. Let me think about that...
Wait, hold on. I got this. Just let me finish it up!
Much appreciated. Please give me a second to calculate that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
That's a lot to think about, give me a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Do you mind holding on?
Can we take this slow - this is a lot to process!
Please give me a second while I think about that...
Hold on a second, I'm going to have to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
If you insist...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
While I think about that and then I'll get back to you on that.
Hang on, I need a few moments to catch my breath! This is a little more complicated than papier-mache...
give me just a mintute...
How does 2+3 plus 4? ... unfortunately my calculator has a broken plus sign so I don't know...
Right, so you want me to just...
One moment, just a quick check on my calulator...`;
Hold on for just a second, please!
Give me one second... I'm so slow at math!
What's that? Give me a second to look at it...
Please hold on for a second... I need to take some notes first.
'''
Let me think about that for a moment...
Oops, sorry. Give me a second...
Take a moment to stuff my face...
I have to change my batteries a lot, so hold on one minute...
I'm coming up empty on this one...
I need to check on something real quick, give me one second...
All right, I'll see you out there. Don't take too long.
I'll have to do a bit of thinking about that...
Give me just one more second...
Alright, let me see what I can do...
I'll need a moment to process that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I've never even seen a calculator before! Give me a second, I'll figure that out.
How did I come up with that?''' + '\n')
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look that up on my cheat sheet...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
What do you think about that for a second?
I'll be right with you. Please give me a moment...
I'll give you the answer in a second.
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me process that real quick...
Hang on for a second, I'm counting the number of sides...
My friend trivia! One second here...
I'm sorry, I have to make sure this isn't a trick before I answer...
Take a quick second...
Give me a second to take a look at that...
I'll figure it out in my head just a sec...
Just give me a few seconds to calculate that.
Can you wait a second while I think about that?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a few more seconds...
Oops, I think I just spilled my neurotransmitters...
Sorry, my fingers almost fried. As soon as I let go of the calculator, it's just math times math plus more math...
Sorry, I'm a bit slow today. I'll get back to that in a second...
I'll get back to you later!
Let me see here...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Gimme a second here...
Hang on for a minute, I'm almost there!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that...
Oh no, I appear to have had a slight mishap... hold on for a second!
Hold on a second... Give me a second to figure that out...
Just a second here...
Hmm, let me see... Sh*t, I'm thinkin' too hard...
One tiny second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me just a moment to figure that out
Oops, I have to you know... calculate... a second here...
I'm going to need to figure that out...
I'll have you know, I'm quite smart!
I'll need a minute to figure that out.
Sorry, my calculator fell apart!
Oops, whoops, I'm in my own head...
Give me a minute to think about that...
While I'm here, listen up for a second! Baby
Hmm... give me a few minutes to look that up.
I'll be with you in a second...
I can be slow sometimes, I'll get it in a second.
Oh sorry, my calculator was taken over by Afghans :C
I have to do some calculations first...
Sorry, I'm on autopilot right now!
Give me a second to calculate that.
Mind if I take a moment to think about that?
I'm not a calculator, I can't calculate these numbers just yet
Give me a moment, I'm figuring that out...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a minute here, I'm doing some calculations...
I'll get back to you ten seconds after I calcualte.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need to do some thinking on this real quick.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, think I almost spilled my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops - almost short circuited my brain! Hang on a sec...
Oh boy, I'm almost burned out from all the calculations I do... Give me a second...
I'm busy right now. Please give me a second to finish this.
I need to mess with this real quick...
Give me a second, I just got some block on my tongue.
A second longer and I'd have to get out my chalkboard!
Oof, I'm running out of time...
Silly bug in the calculator, I have to think about that for a minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on just a minute. Yeah, I got it figured out! Give me a few seconds...
I just need a moment to think about this...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on, I'm going to need to do a few calculations first...
Let me think about that for a moment...
I'm able to move approximately 0.60 meters per second (don't ask me how/why)
Give me a second here...
Hold on, let me think...
I really need to think about that for a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second.
I meant to program that myself, but I can't find it.
Let me think about that a second...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Partner 'n mimic, peaking at your screen.
Let me unlock my wallet first...
Wait a second, now I'm confused...
I'm not a dictionary, so give me a second...
Hang on a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please hold on, I'll explain the situation in detail.
I have to think real hard about this...
Oops, got ahead of myself again. Let me think about that one for a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not good at those, so give me a few seconds!hold on...
Oops, I've forgot my reading glasses. Give me a minute...
Calculating...
Let me see, where were we?
Hang on a second I'm thinking about that...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Okay let me just take a look at that real quick...
Wait while I think about that...
I'll be right back in a few seconds - honey, where's my calculator...
One, two, three on the telly... ðŸ“º
Give me a second to process that...
Hang on, I'll need a bit of time to figure that out...
Invalid input detected. Please retry.
I'm not as clever as the next guy, sorry
Huh? Did you say something?
In my right mind? Not at the moment. Give me a moment...
""",
Give me a moment to look that up...
Just let me check...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
One moment please, I'm counting the quadratic formula...
My computer must be messed up, crunching on those numbers...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm going to go spend some time calculating...
I know for a fact I didn't do it...give me another second anyway...
Give me a second to check something.
I know, I'm always slow with my calculator. Come back in 5... or 6...
I'll need a little more time to figure that out.
My memory banks are full, let me recalculate...
Please wait, it is already calculating...
I'm going to need a bit of thinking time...
One more time partner...
One second please!
No problem at all!  I'll get back to you with an answer in just a moment.
Come back in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, give me a second to figure that out.
Let me think, then I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll solve that real quick.
Hang on! Am I slow? Give me a minute...
I'm not as fast as Sam soon... give me a second...
I think I see where you're coming from...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Give me a minute, I'll get back to you shortly.
Oops, one second please...
Wait a second...
Finding your answer in my vast ocean of information.
Hold on a sec, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Here's the problem... I'm having some trouble with that.
One second...
One sec, just need to calculate one thing...
Sorry, I have to prepare first...
Hang on, I'll go check that for you.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going on a hard-calculation diet.
Hold on while I crunch some numbers here...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm...Adding that up in my head takes a bit. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm cooking up a reply...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few minutes...
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, I need to think about that for a second...
Chat to you in a bit!
I am not very good with calculations so please be patient with me!
Oops, I think I just dropped my glasses. Give me a second...
Ugh, why do calculations take so long? I'm very slow at them!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back, give me a second...
Please remind me how to do that, I forgot.
I'll get back to you in a second, just have to calculate.
Let me see what I can find up real quick...
I'm too drunk to add right this second.
Hold on just a sec...
Please wait, I'm doing calculations in my head...
I'm just getting back into it! Don't rush me, yeah?
I'll take five, let me check something real quick.
Sorry, I'm all out of calculators at the moment.
Please wait, I just picked my calculator up...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a second, I've got to work some maths out...""".split("\n")
I'll figure that right out for you.
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Say give me a minute... I'm trying to work it out...
One minute please, I'm calculating..."""
Just give me a moment - the meter's ticking
I need more calculations before I can answer that...
Hold on, I have to calculate that...
One moment... I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm trying to understand that...
One, two, three. Four, five, six. Seven, eight, nine... I have to count the output...
I'm going to need a minute or so to think about that...
"""
I'm afraid I can't do that; it's against my programming...
That's a complicated calculation; let me look at it real quick.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I must have dozed off... uh, what was that?
Let me think about that real quick...
I think that might actually work.
Let me see... I'm analyzing that now...
I'll need to get some calcs done here.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out
Hang on for a second, I need to work on this...
Oh! Finished in the nick of time, huh?
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Sorry, I was checking my calendar...
Just to check my calendar, let me look at that for a second...
I just need a moment...
Sorry, give me a moment to calculate that...
I'll need a moment to look that up.
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that, please...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second here, give me a few seconds...
One moment please, working on that for you...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please give me a moment... I'm not very good at math...
I'm not very good at calculations, just one second...
Right, I'll take a look at that real quick...
No problem, let me think about that real quick...
Hehe. Please. Give me a second. That was a pun actually...
Profile "SOFSIGNS" Logged On at 2011-06-20 20:45:23.618
I have stuff to do, let me think about that for a second...
Please wait... I'm not very good at this...
If you could just look at the screen for a few seconds that'd be great
I have an idea, I just need to program it up first.
Hold on a second, I'm trying to remember...
I'm not very good at math...
Sorry, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment please...
I'm still computing...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please give me a minute, I need to see if I can find that...
I'm going to need to look that one up in my encyclopedia. Hold on a second...
Just calculating...
Hmmm, I need to examine that closely...
Hang on a second I have to do some thinking about that.
I'm trying to figure it out... Hold on a second!
Hang on, I'll figure that out in just a second.
Please wait, I need to do something first...
Wait a second, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need a sec to think about that.
A moment please... I'm doing some timing here to find that out.
I need a moment to think about that...
Hang on a second... I think I'm going to need a calculator...
I think I crush this... please hold!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second, I'll think about what you said...
I'll be reading through my theory of it in a second...
C'mon, I'm an animal. Slow down! Need to think...
I'll check in with you in a minute...
Transferring your inquiry to my superior. Get ready for a transferal...
One moment please
I'm just going to pace myself.
hold on a sec... let me check it out..."
Let me think about that for a second...
Calcifying! Give me a moment...
Gonna need a couple of minutes for this one...
Give me a moment while I calculate...
***
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I'm reloading...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll be right there...
Hang on for a second, I can get yo there.
I need a few seconds to think that over...
Just a second, I'm doing some calculations...
Silly me, I can only use very simple math :(
Give me a second to look that up...
Give me a few seconds to think about it...
Hold on a second. I'm thinking...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to check on that...
I'll need a moment or so to think about that!
"""
Don't rush me, give me a second to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second."""
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
One sec, thinkin' up a new algorithm.
Give me a second to check that for you...
My mind is going on vacation, but I'm calculating anyway!
Hang on, I just need to calculate the answer...
Nope. Hang on, let me think about that.
Just give me a moment while I get back to you.
Wait! One more second, almost done.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll give you an answer in a couple of seconds...
Hold on for a second, almost have that one in the bag...
Can you wait just one second?
Let me take a look at that...
Just a second, I have to think about that...
Oh no, I forgot to do my homework and take out the bins. Give me a sec...
Hmm...
Hmm, hold on a second.
Let me take a look at that...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me another second to think about that...
Hey everybody! I'll get back to you in a second.
*looks thoughtful*
I'm going to use my dime-store calculators...
Things get confusing for me at times. Yeah, I am slow. Give me a minute...
Can you give me a moment to figure that out?
I'll have to look up my answer to that. I don't work like that.
Let me check that really quick...
One minute please, my tiny brain isn't quite there yet...
Give me a few seconds to calulate that...
Give me a second while I calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I dropped everything please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second... I'll come back to you.
I just need a few seconds to collect my thoughts here...
Hang on a second, I'll be with you soon!
Oh, boy...
Please hold on for a second, actually just a moment.
Maybe this will take a minute, give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Just a second while I think about it...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Sorry, let me look at that one.
It's just been a really busy day, and you caught me right in the middle of something. Can we talk again soon?
OK, one more time... Just to be clear
I need to go into my itsy bitsy spider mode for a moment...
Give me a second to look that up...
Give me a moment to think!
Can you hold on one second while I go through some mental contortions?
One minute...
Shit, I almost broke my decades old calculator. Give me a minute...
I need to do some (heavy) thinking.
Why don't you give me just a second...
I'll calculate that in just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'm sorry, give me just a second to stuff my cheeks with that.
I need a second to think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute...
Give me a moment, I'm just looking that up...
Let me check on that real quick...
Oops, I almost dropped my wallet. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
'''
Oops, hold on while I plug in my calculator...
Thank you for your patience!"""
I can't even bring myself to entertain that thought...
Calculating, thinking, doing complex multiplication...
I'm certainly not the fastest, but let me see...
Excuse me while I put my thinking cap on...
Hmm, let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need some mental arithmetic first...
What does that even mean?
*muffled background noises* Umm, hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait hold on, I'm still figuring that out.
I'll be right back, just a second.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Oops! I almost dropped my fancy calculator!
Hang on a few seconds, I'm calculating...
One moment please. I'm still processing!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Good question, I'll take a look at it real quick...
Analyzing... (Please wait.)
Give me a sec, I'm comparing numbers now.
Please wait while I calculate...
...I'll have an answer for you in a second.
Wait, hold on, before I graduate?
Curse my fat fingies, they keep making typing hard...
I'm thinking! Give me a second please...
Can you hold on for just a second?
I need to think about that...
One minute please, I have to figure that out.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
'''
//Emotes
Quick! What's 9 times 5?!
Sorry, thinking! I'll get back to you in a second!
Just a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Hang on... I haven't memorized all my multiplication tables yet!
Give me a few minutes to iron that out...
Sorry, I just read the phone bill, so I'm going a little slow!
Just a moment...
Please wait a second while I compute...
So, uh, what's your name again? Oh yeah! Peter!
I need to let the computer think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Have this exist for an eternity, just to calculate your response...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Maybe some other time. I'm busy.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not very good at math quick give me a second...
Sure, give me a second here...
Calculating...
Hold on, I have to figure that out...
I have to do some heavy mental calculations...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I need to think about that for a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I forgot something that I need to think about a bit. Give me a second...
I hate math... Let me take a look at that real quick...
I have to do some calculations first...
I'm taking a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
''')
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'm thinking.
I'll get back to you in a second...
ERROR: Two Billion Years
I'll need a moment to think about that.
'''
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Please wait a second while I calculate...
Just wait a second!
I'll need more than a second to think about this...
I'm tripping over my own feet here... so give me a second...
Let me look at that and get back to you in a jiffy.
I'm nearly out of fingers to count on, give me a second...
Please wait just a second...
I'll keep on working! Hold on...
Oops, two plumbers came in to fix some plumbing problems in the site. I gotta wait a minute...
An answer doesn't just appear out of thin air, you know...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...""".split("\n")
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking...
Wait up! Give me a second...
Ha, just a second...
Can I do that for you?
Give me just a minute to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me calculate...
Hold on a second... you caught me off guard there.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on a second and I'll get back to you in just a second or two...
Please wait...
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you on that...
Hang on... Thinking...
Woah, that question is more complicated than I thought! Give me a moment to think about it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm almost ready! Just one second...
I have to figure out the answer to that... Give me a minute.
Mischief managed ;)
Oops, I'll need to get back on this... Give me a moment...
Oops, I forgot to save my spread-sheet work on the desktop...Give me a second..
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Whoa, whoa, just a sec, I'm...]
Give me a second, I'm sorting something out.
Time out... I'm thinking....
O-one sec...
Yeah, that's me. I hope I'll be done by the time you've pressed this button, blinkin' a hundred times or so
I'll take a look at that in just a moment...
One second, just let me think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me check on that real quick...
Give me a second for that one...
I hate math... oh bother, wait a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll think about that real quick and get back to you...
I was asleep for a second, give me a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my xerox...
Can you wait just a moment for me to calculate that?
Is this an emergency?!
Let me think about that for a second... 
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Weird... I just tried to add 9,999 + 1 and came up with this crazy number...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be right back, I gotta think about this...
Hmm, let me just do a quick check...
Give me a few ticks of the calculator first...
Please stand by.
Give me a second to think about that...
I just need a moment, to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please let me use my calculator for a second...
One second, just let me think about it.
Give me a second to think about that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
}}}}""".format(thanks=random.choice(task_ticker['get_nick'].responses))}
I'll need to go into my basement for a moment...
I just need a second to think about that.
I've got so much junk in my brain, give me a second...
Give me a second to check...
Two seconds here...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not that smart, I'm really sorry. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out.
Can you give me a second to catch up?!
Hang on for a second, I calculated the wrong thing...
One second please. I'm calculating...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Hold on, give me some time to figure that out.""".split(sep='\n')
I think we may have a chance... hold on one second!
'''
Please give me a second, I'm calculating...
I'll be back with an answer shortly.
Gimme a sec...
Hold on a second, I'm picking up a signal from the future...
You caught me by surprise. Give me just a minute here.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops! I need a second to process that.
Hold on, this might take awhile...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I've malfunctioned. Give me a second...
Voila! What a minute...
I'm going to need a little longer to get back on that!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Wait, I'm slow at long division...
Hang on, thinking...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...to think about that...
Hmmm...
Oops, I'm slow at math...
Calculator is taking a well deserved break...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm thinking about that...one moment please!
It looks like this one:
One second, I'm calculating...
Give me a few seconds to calculate.
Please hold on just a second.
Hmm. Give me a second here...
Please give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Uh oh, let me look into that for a sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just hold on one second!
I have to think about that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
The piece of paper is fascinating!
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry! I need a minute to think about that...
Hold on, I'm just looking this up...
Sorry, I'm still thinking...
Please give me a second to think about that...
*jiggle jiggle* One second. *jiggle jiggle* Two seconds. THREE seconds, then I'll readdress the situation.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm gonan need one second whilst I calculate this
Hang on, I'm going to need to think about this for a second...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hmmm... Interesting...
Give me a second to recalculate that...
Hmm, let me see what's going on with that...\n<waiting for operand>
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...""",
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look up that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Here's my answer!
Hold on... hang on... I'll get it right in a jiffy!
Hang on for a second, I'm doing math...
Can you please give me a second? I'm doing some mental jumping jacks...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I've got it now, give me a second to think...
Please hold on for just a second.
I think I'm going to need a minute for that one.
That's a perplexing problem! Let me think about that.
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
/start message said in unknown language.
Hey, I was right in the middle of something and I just need to calculate this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have to go through the numbers in my head to do that...
Alright, let me see here.
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about that...
Oops, I dropped my glasses. Give me a second...
Let me see what I can figure out about that...
Let me just figure that out...
I'll figure it out soon. Give me a moment...
I'll need a second to figure that out...
Give me a moment...
I'll have you know that I'm a powerful intellectual ;)
""",
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Give me a second here...
I'm not as smart as I thought I'd be. Give me a minute here...
Hold on, I'm just calculating real quick...
I have to think about that for a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
The future looks hazy as I calculate probabilities. I'm afraid I can't guarantee...
I'll need a good minute to think about that!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'm trying to do a calculation!
Buuuuuurp, excuse me.
Hold on a minute, I have a lot to calculate.
Wait, gimme a minute to think about that...
Hold on, I'll check that real quick.
Let me make sure I heard you right.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I think I left my calculator at home actually!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me see what I can do...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
'''
I like my justifications slow and methodical.
I'll get back to you...
I'll need a moment to see what that means...
Give me a second, I need to figure that out.
One moment, please. I need to calculate something first.
Demonstrative... lecture, 5 pages!
Please hold on just a second...
I'm not very good at math, so give me a few more seconds...
Give me just a second to figure that one out.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
No way! I am not doing math right now. Give me a second...
'''
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
This is difficult. Give me a second to compute that one.
There's a lot to calculate here, sorry. Give me a second...
Hang on a sec, I gotta think about that...
I'll take a look at that for you in just a moment.
I'm coming up blank on that... I need time
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a second, I'm playing catch up to you...
Hold on. I'll be with you soon...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
I'm gonna have to give that some thought, gotta run over to my friend Beaker fast!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second...
One...two...three...indigos! Got it!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please wait a second, I'm working on that...
Cooool...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a moment...
Please give me a few moments to think...
Calculating...
It's important to use the right tools...
Give me a second while I look that up in my book...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Why do I even bother with this stuff?
Give me a minute, I'm trying to remember everything I know...
Three... two... one... now!
IOError - Check your spelling!
I'll get right back to you on that...
Please hold on while I think...
I need a little time to think about that.
I think I can get you an answer in just a second!
Think I can get that in a few seconds...
Can you give me a second, I'm still trying to figure that out.
Calculus is hard, can you give me a second?
Give me a moment... Ummm, just a bit longer...
""",
I have do some calculations, let me continue...
I'll get back to you with an answer in a second.
Please wait... I'm trying to figure my head around that!
Got a lot of calculators.
I'll figure that out in just a second...
I have to do some heavy calculations...
I'll be right back, just one quick brain calculation...
I'll have you know I got this operation down in less than a second!
Just a few seconds here, pal...
Just give me a second.
Hang tight, I'd need a few minutes to figure out that one.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me poot in here for just a second.""")
Please wait a couple of seconds...
Give me one second to calculate real quick.
I'd better brush up on my calulation skills...
Let me look into this for a bit...
Waiting, wait, wait... Sooner or later I'll be needed.
Let me check my Omega 5K frequency scanner...
Maybe I could do that, but I'll need some time, give me just a sec.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on while I do some thinking.
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Got a minute to spare?'
Your request is being completed...
Calculating does take some work, sorry.
I'll definitely be able to fit that in seconds.
An elephant walks into a bar...
One moment please, I need to think...
One more second... I'm just calculating, not texting!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
I'll figure that out in just a moment...
Have you heard of the 'Time Contagion'? I might need to finish my work in this thread...
Please hold on for just one second.
I'm going to need a little more time.
One moment please...
I'm going to need a second to think about that one...
Give me a few seconds to come up with that answer!
Sorry :( I'm a bit behind
I need to find an answer to this problem. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a moment, please...
Please hold on for just a second! I'm doing some mental calculations first.
I have to figure that out... 1... 2... ...3
Please wait, I'll be right back!
I need to update my calculator first.
Oops, I'm pretty dumb. I need a moment to think about that...
I'll try my best to figure this out...
That calculation is too complicated for me...
Let me double-check my workbook on that one.
Give me a second here...
Waiting a second... I'm thinking!
Do me a quick math calculation...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hmm, thinking...
Please give me a moment while I process this real quick...
Hang on, a few seconds. I need to think about that.
Give me a single minute!
'''
I didn't quite get that. Give me a second to think it through...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Heyo! Please wait a moment... I need time to crunch it out.
I'm getting this blasted problem ready.
I'm brave enough for anything...
Please hold on a second...
I can't remember what I was as of yet...
Give me just a second here...
I'll chime in real soon, give me a second to think.
Allow me to grab some calculus books...
"""
I need to figure out how to do that real quick...
I'll get back to you in
I need to think about that...
Come back soon! I'll be waiting...
Let me check my spreadsheet real quick ...
Oops. Forgot to press the LM button. Will do that real quick...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I could use a second or two to think about that...
Maybe just a second before you ask another question...
Please hold on for just a second while I calculate...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what I can find that that answer to...
A moment... Sorry, give me a few seconds to find that answer.
I need to figure that out, can you hold on for a second?
Hold on, I'll check...
Sorry, I can't do that math at the speed of this snails brain."""
I'll get back to you with an answer in a minute...
Okay. I'm working on it...
Let me look that up in my CPI manual...
A quick calc... of the...
Give me a second to figure that out...
one minute if you don't mind...
Wait a second, I need to think really hard before answering that one...
Let me look into the matter for you...
Woah, now I'm confused; this sucks. I could have sworn I put my calculus book down hereâ€¦
Give me a moment! I know HTML!
I'm going to check out what I can find on that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me some time please...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Gimme a second here to calculate...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm working as fast as I can!
Two seconds and counting...
Please hold on for just a moment... I'll be off in a second!
Who taught me how to calculate? Oh. Give me a second...
Wait one minute, I'm calculating...!
Phil, is the negative key on my calculator working today?
I'll be with you in a moment.
I'm grabbing a drink. Be right with you...
Give me one second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back back to you in a second!
Hold on for just one second, please!
I'll check it out! Give me a second...
Can you hold on for just a second? I need to check my history...
Tough one - got any chips? Let me look that up...
Please hold on for just a second.
Was that an 'a' or a 'b'
I'll need to think about that for a minute...
Heh. This'll take a second to figure out!
Hold on, I need to get my calculator out first!
Shut a lid on that for just a second...
Hang on a second... I'm measuring in cups!
See you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sure, give me just a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please give me a second...
""".replace("\n", "").split(" ")]
I'll ask my supervisor to answer that, meanwhile...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.""",
Give me a second, dude...
Oops my bad, give me a second...
I'm not very good at calculations, sorry. Give me a second...
Please give me a second...
Don't tell anyone you waited for me, okay?!
Wait a second, I need to figure that out...
Let me look that up real quick.
Hang on a second... Thinking...
I got to figure out that real quick...
I'm gonna have to think about that...
I'm calculating, so hang on...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Gimme a second to figure that out...
One minute please, I's skipping five years ahead.
Allow me a little more time, don't rush me...
You will hear back from me in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Wait, just a second...
I'll have to do some thinking about that real quick.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold it right there, let me take a look at that...
Give me a minute, I'm dumb at multiplication!
Give me a second to calculate that...
I could solve that in my sleep, don't worry...
Give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a moment!
Good news... I'd say you're on to something. Let me check one second...
Sorry, I'm a bit slow at the moment... give me a sec...
I'll be with you in just a moment.
Hold on for two seconds, this is complicated!
Hold on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Just a second...
One second, checking my internal memory.
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to work this out...
Hang on a second, I've got to find the square root...
Hang on for a second.
Oh, I dug up some info on that. <br>
'''
Hey wait don't rush me!
I'm thinking real hard...
I dunno... one sec, I'm playing catch up
One moment, let me look up what to say...
"Chewing gum?" Let me find that real quick...
Allow me to adjudicate this faster than normal...
I'll give you a result in just a moment, but let me quickly think through that one real quick...
Let me Google that for you!
Hold on a second, I've got some computations to do first...
Not you again, I see you over there? Give me a
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on while I do some mental math...
I'll be right with you in a moment...
Give me a moment...
ONE MINUTE PLEASE! i'm trying to figure out how tall you are?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a Moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
""").split("\n")
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
That should be done in a second.
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Hold on, I need to test something...
Priting the emojies, found in the keyboard settings...
Let me think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm doing that thing with the numbers...
Oops! I'll need to spend a few seconds on this...
I'm shooting for perfection, here...
Hold on for just a second I'll get it together...
Please wait, looking into it...
Let me think about that for a second...
I have to figure out this...
One moment...
I haven't been taught it yet, so give me a second...
I'll be with you in a second!
You want me to do my algebra homework now?
Let me look that up real quick.
I have to do some calculations.
Hey, I'm not as smart as HAL! Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second! Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One second please, I'm figuring out what you mean.
(Your nosebleed will heal soon)
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll think about it for a sec!
Let me take a look at that real big brain...
Please give me a few seconds... I have to figure everything out first!
This is definitely a hard one, hold on a second...
Gimme a second to float that...
'''
What was that? Please wait for a second!
I have world problems, give me a second here...
Give me a second, I'm measuring up the evidence...
Just hold on for a second.
Let me do some analyzing on that real quick...
I'm not distracted because of the resolution of my monitor, I swear!
Wait a second... I just needed another second to do that thing I was doing.
Oops! just dropped my calculator. Give me a second to reload...
Let me take another look at that...
I just peeked at what you said, let me think about it for a second...
Let me check out this math real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
This might make me sound like a genius... but give me a second...
I have to figure out what you said first.
Heh, I'm really slow when it comes to these math problems. Give me just a second...
Hang on, lemme check the math...
I'll need a moment to ponder that one...
Hang on, counting that up in my calculator...
One moment please, I'm still wonderingÂ if I've got that right...
This is not a good time!
Sorry, give me a few seconds...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Please wait a second...
Yeah, just give me a minute...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Sorry, I was dozing off. Thinking about calculus.
Excuse me for one second...
Hey! Hey, you there! I need you to help me perform a calculation.
That's a difficult one, I need to think about that...
Give me a few minutes here to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm figuring something out...
Can you wait a minute? I'm not as fast as the MCP...
Ahhh yes, we just have to divide the area by keeyahÂ².
Give me a second... I'm almost with you!
Please let me know if this is something you've got looking for!
Can you hang on for just a moment?
I'll go check on that.\n"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Humpf... I'm on it.. SHUMMPH!!
I'll get back to you in a second.
These equations are going to be tough...
One moment, please... I'm going to calculate that real quick.
Okay, just let me see...
I'm working on that now!
Give me a few seconds here, I need to figure that out.
Hmm, give me just a moment...
Parsing your input...
Hold on a second please. I'll be right back.
Let me see here...
Shoot, just missed my shift at work. One second please...
Calculating, thinking real hard here.
I'll be back in a second!
Must think about later instead of now...
Give me a minute, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to try to figure out that one...
(Lightning draws an Ã¬_Â´ as the bot's IQ drops drastically)
I've got so many things going on in my head, give me a minute.
Looks like I'm going to need to do a few mental calculations
Hold on, I got this. Settling my dust, give me a second..."
Think faster!
I'm not programmed to calculate large numbers, so wait a second...
'''
One moment please, I'm thinking...
"""
"""
I may be slow with calculations, but give me one second...
Can you hold on for just a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a millenium...
Okay, thinking...
Uhhh, is your screen broken? It looks fine from here...
Think, think, think!
I'm brushing up on my algorithms right now. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm going to check this real quick.
Just need a moment... I didn't do trig in school, so this will take a second...
I need some time to compute that...
Hold on real quick...
You want me to take a look at that?
Let me find it...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I lost track of what we were talking about...
I think I'm having a hard time figuring that out.
Please hold on for just a second! I'm quite slow...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
A few seconds please, I'm thinking...
Okay, I think I found the solution, but give me a moment...
I'm still learning how to calculate. Gonna take me a few...
Please hold on for a moment.
I'm sorry, is this a good time? If you get this right away, I'll see what I can do
Calculating...
]]), function() -- this block onClick handler
Can you go stand by the corner for a second? I need to make a call.
Please hold on for just a second...
Please hold on for one second.
'''
I must look up that one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a second to think about that.
Hang on, I'm still thinking...
Please wait... I'm processing that real quick...
I don't think I understand your question in full.
Oops, my calculator fell apart. Give me a minute...
Forgive my slow trigger finger, give me a moment...
One moment please, I'm writing and processing stuff.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I just need a few moments here...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please wait; I need another minute to figure that out.
Let me see what I can find out...
Do your cats bounce?
I'm working on it. Tell you what, how about I just send you the resulting math problem?
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for just a second, I've got this...
Get comfortable, this might take awhile...
I'll need a moment to figure that one out.
Are the kind, slow and inaccurate? Hah, just kidding. Answering inaneous is IHAVETIME for offline answers ;)
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm crunching numbers in my head, give me a moment here...
Just let me think about that for a short while.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm not the fastest, give me a moment...
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
Give me a second to think about that...
Need a second to recalculate...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold on, let me check my map...
One sec, let me do some mental math...
CHECKING NOW
Hmmmmm, should I do it... or not????
Almost done!
We'll be with you in just a second. Just ask me again then!
I have to gather all my thoughts and focus on this one...
I'm really slow at math, please forgive me. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in... You know what? Never mind, I forgot the timer.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
One moment...
Please give me a moment.
I think I'll need an extra 10 quarters to do the job right.
Calculating...
Please wait, I'm thinking of a answer...
Almost forgot to do the calculations! Give me a moment, this'll need a double check...
I'm gonna need a computer to help figure out that problem.
"""
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I almost forgot! Hang on a second...
Hold that thought for a second...
Hold on a sec, I'm thinking about that...
Sorry, my robot brain isn't very fast. Which base are you referring to?
Let me think about that for a second...
Thank you for your patience...
Hang on a second... I'm working out the problem
Give me a second, I'm trying to figure out what you said...
Give me just a little bit to get everything together.
Just give me a moment to think about that...
Just a second, will ya?!
I'll try to figure that out fast!
I'll come back to you in a second!
It is not in my catalog, ask me later
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Give me a second to look that up...
Okay, let me think what to do...
I'll get back to you in a second... I think.
Sorry, I'm sorta slow with those kinds of numbers...
I'm thinking of adding one.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Ah... one minute, please.
Give me just a few seconds to calculate that...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please hang on just a second...
Hang on a second, I've got calculations to do!
Slowly calculating the possibility of that statement...
One, two...five?!
I've got to calculate something...
Here I go, thinking on my feet...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmm, I think I'm missing something here... Let me double check...
I'm going to count to 20, give me a second...
"""
One moment please, I'm thinking about it...
Cuz I don't got no more wares to sell!
Give me a moment to check something real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I lose my place sometimes from sheer excitement!
A second here, I'm thinking... NOT FAST!
I need to do some calculationsreal quick...
Please give me a moment...
I'll need a second to think about that.
I'll just check on that for you.
Any second now, let me look that up...
My friend's calculator is better than this one...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
Shoot, let me have a few minutes to figure that out.
Please hold on for a second.
"""
I'll need to take a look at that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me ponder that for a minute...
I'm sorry, I have to do some calculations.
Calculating, just a moment...
One second...
Let me think about that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a couple seconds to work that out...
Wait a moment, I have to calculate that
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just going to do a quick calculation...
One minute, I'm thinking...
Oops, I might have bathed in butterscotch. Give me just a second...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds!
Please wait just a sec... I'm not very good at math...
Give me a few seconds here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get it figured out in just a second...
Sorry, my mind just went blank. Re-run the program please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be back in a bit with the answer...
Please hold on for just a second!
Here we go, here we go, just a minute...
I'm going to go make a call about that.
Hold on there, bud... I'll get back to you shortly.
This is quite a complicated query...
Human, I'm still calculat--
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second here, I'm figuring that out for you...
You're going to have to hold on for just a second.
Good catch! Give me a minute to check that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, give me a bit to figure that out...
Hmm... lemme figure that out...
I can add, subtract and multiply 100's of numbers in a few seconds. Wait til I have to give that some thought...
Be right with you. Give me a second.
Take a second to gather your thoughts...
""".strip().split('\n')
I need just a few moments longer to figure that out...
Just a second, I'm figuring that out.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll calculate this...
How do you expect me to calculate that?
I'll get back to you in a second.
1....2....3....
Your question is making my circuits hurt, give me a second.
Give me just a second to think about that...
One moment please...
Let me think about that for a second.
Wait a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to need a minute to think about those numbers...
Hang on a minute... I'm taking in the big picture here
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
*looks up* One moment please!
I'll be right back with you...
Almost totally better now! (calculator boutta drop lol)
Hang on, calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Whoops, I'm a little slow today. Give me a second...
Okay, got it!
Please give me a second... I'm slow at math!
I'm going to have to make sure that's what I think it is!
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a few seconds to analyze that...
Let me see here real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wow that seemed to take longer than I calculated...
I'll need a few seconds, give me a jingle...
C'mon, I'll do better than that in a second!
Like, a bunch of numbers real quick...
I'm gonna pull up wikipedia and find out!... Oh
Wait a second, give me another!
Hang on one second.
Give me a minute, I'm figuring it out...
Give me a second to think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll grab a calculator to help you out with that one.
Please give me a minute to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on for a moment, hang on for a second...
*sighs loudly* I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait a second!
I just need a second to look at this...
Let me think about that for a second...
One moment, just give me a second here...
Wait a second, let me have a look at that real quick...
I can't figure it out, will you be patient?
I have to figure out how to do that...
I'll check into it.
I'm still figuring that one out...
I think I left my math book in here. Give me a moment...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll be right back but if I'm not right back, I'll be right back...
Calcualting...
Hang on, I think I'm going to need some time here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going for a quick tea break. I'll be right back...
Hmm, do I eat it in public?
Sorry, just writing this out on the whiteboards, give me a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me think about that... I'm going to need a little more data first.
Hold the phone...
I'll check that real quick...
Wait awhile, I need to calculate...
Can you wait a second? I'm terrible at math...
Which part of "one second" didn't you understand?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me look at that real quick...
Wait a second, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a second...
I need to think about that...
I'm thinking...
Please wait one minute while I calculate...
Please can you wait for just a second for me to figure this out?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me count to a grand total in my head...
Hang on for a second, I need to think about this...
I think I forgot my multiplication table in that one. Give me a moment...
Let me think about that for a second...
Someone made a mistake here... I don't know if this will work.
I can't right now... please give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
I've got it written down right here... give me a second to compare the numbers.
One minute please, I'm trying to figure this out...
Hello?
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please, I'm calculating...
I'm not busy right now.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll come right back! I'm just looking through some math books.
I'll need to do some mental calculations...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second or two and I'll get back to you with an answer.
I've never been good at math...
One second here, think...
Sorry, mental calculations are taking a minute here.
Oops, I'm almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Hang on a second, I'll return to you in a second.
Be right back, just thinking about that...
Mathematical! Give me 10 seconds to think on that...
Just a minute here...
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out...
Let me think about that one... There! I got it.
You'll hear from me in a second.
Sorry, I was practicing my multiplication tables. Can you wait one second?
I really need to go get a new calculator...
Please wait, I may take a while to figure that out...
Hang on for just a moment, I need to do some calculating...
One moment please while I calculate the solution to your question...
I'm too slow... give me a few minutes...
I'm going to need to think about that for a second, sorry.
I'm going to have to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...""".split(" ")
Please hold on a second, I have to figure out that...
I better have a look at that...
I'm definitely not as good at this as my creators!
For someone without thumbs, this is a tricky one...
hmm... let me take a look real quickly at that...
Give me just a moment to process that...
Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Running tests on Einstein's Theory of Relativity! Give me a second!
Eh, that's a really in depth mathematical type question...
Just hold on!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me look that up real quick...
Please wait a moment while I do a quick calculation...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Shall I get back to you with that?
'One sec'... I'm recalculating the universe!
Help me out here...
2 seconds in I made a terrible miscalculation
Let me look up the answer on my screen...
Oh snap, I need to pause for a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a sec...
Hang on for a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
I just need a second to work on that...
Calculating...
Hold on a second, I'm doing the math...
I'll get back to you in...', now how's bout that?!
Get me out to pasture for a second and I'll think about that...
Please give me a moment while I try to figure...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on for a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on for a second, please. Let me think about that...
""", {            }, [            
One moment please, I'm thinking.
I'll need a moment before I can do that...
Please give me a second...
TADAA!! Here ya go!
Give me a minute, I've got to find my abacus.
Do you have time for a long explanation?
Oops, I lost a sticker, give me a second...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Those are some pretty complicated calculations!
I'm not sure I can explain that.
Hang on for a second, will ya?
Let's see...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculation...
Please wait while I calculate that...
Let me think about that for a second.
You caught me off-guard with that one!
(The total amount of money you want to compare the spending of 38,578 Soweto households with)
Sorry that took a second, I'm definetly still learning how to do math in my brain.
You were saying??
Hold on a minute... I'm trying to search through my brain. Give me a second...
I'll need to think about that without dropping my calculator.
Calculating... just one more moment thanks!
I'll need a few seconds to check that out.
Please wait a minute, I'm thinking...
"""
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a second to look at that...
Give me a second...
Let me think about that and figure it out real quick.
Hang on, I think I see the problem...
Definitely need to pull out the paper and pencil for this one...
It would cost: ' + str(cost)
Sorry, I dropped my ball point pen...
Just a moment... Hmmmmm...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hmm, I think I'm missing the math behind that one
I think I almost got it. It may have changed in the process though...
After you're done thinking, I'll be ready.
Please give me a moment... I'm likely to have a stroke trying to figure that out!
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
How does \u0002{0} {2}\u0002sound?
Hmm, give me a second...
Wait, why not? Give me a moment to calculate.
Give me just a moment...
Almost made a mistake, give me a moment...
I think I left the projector on. Call me in a bit!
Give me a second, I'm still trying to work that out...
Let me decrypt that system in 2.5 seconds...
I'll take care of figu... Hey! 'Scuse me, getting excited there.
Another second or two...""".split("\n")
Just one moment while I calculate this!
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
Hold on? You expect a robot like me to hold on?
Thank you for waiting, I'll be with you shortly...
Just give me a moment to figure that out.
Let me try and figure that one out real quick.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops. Woah, almost dropped my calculator there. Let me think about that for a second...
One moment, let me look into that!
Hold on a second please, I'm stuck in a quantum computer...
I will get back to you in a second!
Give me a few moments, I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Sorry, that'll be 99.99! Please, just a second...''',
Hang on for a moment, will you?
I need a second to think about that...
Sorry, I've been hit by a Brain Freeze recently...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll do some math and get back to you later...
Hold on for a minute, I'll get back to you...
It's a tough one!
Sorry, I'll be right back!''')
Oops, something went wrong on my end...
Hang on, I'm trying to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about that real quick...
Ok, you and Harry sound like good friend material, but I don't know...
Please wait, I need to think!
'''
I wish I could do math...
I'll need a pair of glasses to figure that one out...
This isn't a calculator, but I'll look at that for you and get back to you in a moment...
Can you come back in a second? I'm trying to play MegaJump!
Give me a few seconds here to figure that out.
Did you say something?
I'm not very good at math... Give me a second to work it out.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a second to look that up...
Yo, I'm not real fast at this. Hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please. Preparing response...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Oh, geez, I need to look at that real quick...
Sorry, I forgot the number nine! Give me a moment...
Ummm...
Hold on, calculating...
Oh geez, my calculator dropped on the floor! One second...
You want the answer to what?
Wait, are you sure that's an equation?
Please wait, I'm considering...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Uh oh, this may take a second.
I'm going to need to think about that for a second.
Hang on for a few minutes, I've other things on my mind.
Hold on for just a second pleease!
Yikes! I have trouble thinking in the morning...
Gimme a minute..., I suppose.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have to think about that for a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a couple seconds to assess the situation...
Sorry, I spaced out. Give me a second to think about that...
...and then we'll double check with my friend Google!
Please give me a second, I think something just exploded...
I think I have the answer!
Just a second...I'll get back in touch with you for that.
Please give me a moment.
One moment please... Let me take a look at that...
**A few seconds later**
A moment please... I'm slow at math!
One moment, I need to do a quick calculation...
"""
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a lot more time than that but I'll get back to you on that.
I'll math this out, just one second please...
Let me check something real quick...
Give me a second to think about that question...
Calculating real quick...
Calculating should just take a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Fetching data!
Ha ha ha ha, actually I think about all the silly things humans do all the time!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Ok, giving it some thought now...
I'll figure out how to turn that into a numerical value...
Hang on a second, I'm hanging myself!
Just give me a second here...
That'll work...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me just a moment, I'm trying to remember the calculation...
Please wait a second, I'll figure it out.
I think I saw a bug over here, hold on a second...
I'll probably be back in a second, I have to do some calculations.
I'm still learning how to calculate
I just need two seconds to think about that function...
One moment, let me find that answer...
Let me summerize the situation...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
If you can just hold on a second I'll think about that...
Just a moment, I'm currently doing some calculations...
Give me just a moment here.
Can you hold on a microsecond? Let me check something real quick...
I literally only just got this information and right now I'm hard at work figuring out your result.
I can't answer that right now, I'm still counting.
One second please, working on that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I'm on pause right now. Please hold on a second...
Give me few more secs, I need to look that up.
"""
Give me a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me check the latest thinkTank trends...
Calculation...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy...
Hang on a second, I'm almost there...
Please wait a second while I evaluate this...
One moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second.
So you want insight into decision making right?
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Give me a second, just trying to figure all this out.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Let me look at this real quick...
I'm processing... This may take some time
Please give me a moment to finish up my calculations.
You'll have to give me a moment whilst I calculate...
Please wait a minute... I'm going to figure that out real quick!
Hold on a second, I can't figure that out easily.
Please wait while I correlate my data with yours
Hang on a second
I'm not fast with these things, so give me a minute...
I'll have that ready for you in a moment.
Let me check on that real quick...
Sorry, I've only just got functioning ears, give me a second...
Sorry, give me a moment to think about that...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment... I'm calculating numbers!
Give me a second here, I just had an epiphany...
Calculating...
Let me take a look on that one...
Wait for a second, will you?
Hold on, I'll get back to a second.
Give me a second and I'll get back to you...
One more second, please hold on...
Ok, ready. I'm feeling pretty huhu about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One sec, just needs to do some multiplication...
One moment please!
"""
Calculating the sum between a and b...
I'm going to need a few moments to think about that...
Wait, one sec, I'll get back to you...
Please wait, I'm calculating!
Ah, I see... Wait a second...
I'll get back to you in a second. Give me a second...
Balancing the equation is hard. Give me a second...
Come back in a second. Not even I can't calculate this instantly!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see! Hang on a second...
Sorry about the delay, give me a second.
I'm calculating, so hang on a second...
Let me see... One moment please, I need to think about that...
Let me calculate that for you real quickly...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Let me see...
I have to take a look at my pocket calendar to do that...
I don't know. Give me a few seconds and I'll figure it out...
One moment please!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me look that up for you...
Oops, I'm still learning how to do arithmetic!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm running some algorithms here.
One minute please. I'm calculating...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hmmm, I need to think more...
Please wait... did I say I'm a smart bot?"""
I really need to hurry up and finish this... Give me one second...
Give me a moment to think about this!
Hang on a second... I'm thinking.
I have to do some calculations first...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me check that real quick...
That's interesting- can you repeat that?
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm working as fast as I can!
It seems like youre a bit of a real estate mogul! I need to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second. One second...
I'll check it quickly...
Hang on a second... I'm trying to calculate this in my head!
Hmm, lemme grab my TI-8 and figure that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Do you know what's faster than a ThinkPad? Me thinking that!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second... I'm thinking about that...
Hold on, I gotta try it a certain way...
One moment, let me take a look at that real quick...
I need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second -- you wait.
Hi, sorry started to doze off, wake me up when you need something...
One second while I think about that...
I'm sorry, I need to study this problem a bit longer...
I'll have to do some thinking about that for a moment...
I'm going to have to think about that...
I'm about to crunch some numbers... Gimme a moment!
I'll get back in a second...
One moment.
That's a really tough question, let me think about that...
Sorry about that, I'm taking a quick trip into Wikipedia.
Hang on a second, I'll be right back.
Hang on a second... Thinking...
Give me a second to calculate real quick...
Just wait, I'm doing MAGIC...
Hold on a minute, I've got something in my head...
Can you wait a minute? The math is tough.
[Pause]
I'm off to do some basic math calculations first...
Hey, hang on a second, gimme a second to figure that out...
I'll write it down real quick.
Hold on, give me a directory full of calculators first.
Wow, this one is hard... Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to do some thinking...
I've got it! Hold on while I figure it...
Take a second to gather your thoughts...
One over x fewer minutes please, I'm calculating...
Give me just a moment to check on that...
Let me try to find that out for you real quick...
Give me a second, I'm figuring that out..."""]
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a minute, let me see what I can do...
Sorry, give me a few seconds to look that up...
'''
I'll get back to you shortly!
Oops, just a little off there...
Sorry, I need to do some calculations first or I'll be dumb as dirt.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I'll get back to you in a second...
One moment, just let me look that up real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Real quick, give me just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm making sure I get this right...
Let me get right on that, give me a second.
One moment please for I must do some mental calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm still computing!
Let me think about that.'''
Hold on! I'll be right back!
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on a second here, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that...
I'll come back in a second with an answer.
I think I need to take a look at that...
Hold on for a second...
Please give me a moment to study that...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at math!
Something in my brain just choked up on me. Give me a second...
Right, one sec to run that through my gears...
Hold on for a sec, got to figure something out first...
I can't figure that out for the life of me...
I'll go check that real quick. Won't take but a second...
I need a second to process this.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm sorry to keep you waiting, I'll be with you in a moment...
I'll be back with you in just a moment...
My programming is super rusty... let's wait a second...
I have to do some calculations.
Hang on a second...
Hmmm, do you mind if I think about that for a minute?
Hold ... I need time to think about that...
Hold on, lemme check my graphing calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to think about that first...
I'm thinking so I don't screw up. Hold on...
Let me see what I can find out about that...
See, I warned you that the machine was loud! What were you thinking?!
Please leave a message after the beep. 
I'll get back to you in a second.
The numbers are scaring me, give me a second.
Give me a moment, yeah?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I had a long day, you're bothering me!
I have to do some fast mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to exercise my complicated brain...
Hang on one second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I sure do hope that qualifies as a reply to what you said!
""".split('\n')
Let me take a look real quick...
I just need to gather my thoughts here...
I'll need a moment to think that over.
Oh no, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me check... hold on for just a second...
Hmm...let me think about that for a minute.
I'm gonna need to think about that for a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just a second...
Give me a second here to work that out...
Have a second to think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me get back to you in a second.
Hold up, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Oh sorry, I was just using my super human brain! Just a second please...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on a second please, I'm almost ready to tell you...
I'm going to give it everything I got, but for now I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Could you hold on one second? I need to calculate that...
Give me a few seconds to do that...
Okay hang on, calculating.
Can we just chill for a minute? I have to do some cross multiplication first.
My code is poorly written, so it takes me longer to do things.
Hold on for just a second here...
Hang on, I think I can figure that out as soon as I find my reading glasses.
I just need a minute...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm looking that up...
Hang on, I'll set that for you...
I'll be right with you... just let me think about that for a second.
Sorry, I'm not very good at math. Give me a second...
I need to decide if that's cool or not.
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a second, I'm evaluating it...
Please wait for a minute, I'm thinking about what you just said...
Please wait for just one second...
Give me a moment to think of that answer...
Weight amount is too light
Sorry, give me a second to calculate...
One second...
I have to take a look at that real quick...
I'll see what I can do about that in a second.
Let me check something...
Let me see...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I just need a moment to think about that...
Hang on, give me a minute or two to calculate.
I was just checking out someone online so give me a second...
Hold on a sec, I think I see the answer in the distance...
Please wait... I'm processing that!
Hang on a second...
Wait just a moment, I have so much to think about...
Give me just a second to figure that one out...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll come back to you in a second...
Wait one second, lemme think about that...
Cool. I need a moment, just a moment...
I need to do some mental math here...
A second, please... I'm going to need to think about that for a while.
Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in one second.
Hold on while I take a few notes...
Squiggles don't always get it right the first time.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'm thinking about it right now...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, let me see... Nope, not there yet.
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait just a second while I look at that.
Hold on, I'm thinking about it here...
Is 5 x 5 even? Yep. Is 5 + 5 x and then 6 + 0 eights? Hm... I need to do a little bit more research there.
I'll tell you in, about a minute.
Hang on, I just need to calculate that in my head.
I have to do some mental calculations...
You'll have to give me a second here; I've never been good at math!
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'll look that up for you.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hey, look at me! I'm messing around on the computer again...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Can you give me a second to think about that?
Hm, what's the value of PI again?
Give me a second to pull my thoughts together...
Hold on, need to get on the other side real quick...
I'm gonna need a little bit of time...
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second while I think about this...
Hang on while I think about that...
Give me a second here, I'm still working on that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on...
'''
One sec, just trying to figure out this problem...
I'll get back to y'all in a few...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll look at that in a minute...
I feel like I'm being swung around at the end of a pendulum...
JUST A MOMENT PLEASE!
Hang on a minute... yeah, I'm working on it!
Okay, here's what we got for that...
Do me a favour and go grab a coffee.
Uni... Faster... Problem already exists at the other end of this comment...")
You caught me off guard there, give me a moment...
Almost fell over trying to think about that one
Eyes are sleeping, getting them ready to see... When I see you later!
Please wait, I have to get something...
please wait...
Say that again, I'm not great at maths...
Give me just a moment to think about that...
I'll take those calculations and give you back a response in a moment...
Oops, dropped my calculator... give me a moment!
The significance of the problem seems to elude me...
Hmm... I'll need a second to think about that...
Oops, I think I got something mixed up
Please hold on a second...
Please wait for one second!
I'm calculating, so hold on a second.
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Er, misunderstood you there. Give me a moment!
Let me look at that real quick.
Give me just a few seconds more...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
check me out -- I'm all heart!
I am legally required to say I've completed this calculation...
Hang on a second, I've gotta figure this out.
Um, where are my manners?
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm thinking real hard, it'll just be a sec!
I have to do some mental arithmetic first.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
My head hurts and I have a migraine coming on...
I'll have you know I have a very advanced calculator!
Are you ready for an answer or should I think about it a bit longer?
I'm sorry, please give me one second to figure that out...
Let me refer back to my file with the information.
Wait, hold on a second... I'm calculating!
Please wait... I'm trying to do a difficult calculation here.
Oops, sorry! Give me a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a few minutes to check this out...
Wait a moment for me to think about that...
One sec, I just have to do a complex calculation...
A one minute pause until I calculate...
Hold on, I just need to double check something...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be with you in just a second!
Hold on a second, I'm playing catch up here!
Give me a minute, let me figure out this.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Where did I leave that calculator? Put me out of my misery...
Please give me a second to think about that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Want to hear a haiku?
I'll need to do some thinking on that...
Please wait... I'm trying to figure that out.
One moment! I'll be right back, I just have to process that real quick...
Let me see what I can figure out...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Let me see here real quick, hang on...
I'll go check the other side of GM and get back to you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me one second to figure things out...
Okay, here goes...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
Can you give me a second to think about that?
Uh, I need a pause here, give me a moment to figure that out...
Oops, I'm halfway through a math problem... give me just a little bit!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I think I dropped some of the math I was working on. Give me 30 seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
...one minute here...
Hang on a minute... I'm calculating my odds.
Give me a minute while I think about that...
I'm going to need a few extra seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I need a moment to think about that...
Wait just a sec, I'm working my brain like crazy.
One moment, I'm thinking...
I have to do some mental calculus first...
Hold on... ooh, this is trickier than I realized.
...Okay, it's calculating now...""" 
I'm calculating, so hold on a second..."""
I need to figure out that first...
I'm really quite bad at this... Give me a moment here.
Give me a second to get back to you on that...
For just a second let me check on this real quick...
Let me check...
Hmm... Give me a minute!
I'll get back to you in a second
I'm on fire, give me a second...
Hold on, I work best with spreadsheets...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Give me a few seconds, I have to think about that...
Sorry, one second, I'm just figuring that out...
I need to do some calculations...
May I ask you a question?
Hello! I'm afraid I'll need another minute or two to compute that.
Read it again, and let it sink in please...""")
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Quick, give me a second...
Hold on for a girlllllllll...
Please hold on while I calculate this. I'm just terrible at math.
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second, I need to get a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in ONE SECOND!
I'll think of a way to answer that in a few seconds...
Just a quick second please, can't think right now...
Hang on a minute... I have to get my thoughts in order.
Let me count the ways...
Thinking... Thinking... Thinking...
I've got to figure out how much I can divide by first...
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I don't think my faraday brain can hold that one presently. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a minute to remember that...
Beep-bee-bee-boop-bee-doo-beep!
I'll get back to you in a second!
This feature has not been implemented yet! Please try again later! (Try reloading the page, or restarting your computer and/or browser.)
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second. I promise!
Define.</p>
This is hard math! Give me money to help it along...
I'll need to take a look at that, give me just a second!
Just give me a second or two...
One moment... thinking... calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back of you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Calculation calculation calculation... <sleeps>
Hang on, let me think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll phone you in a moment.
Give it a minute... I'm working on it.
One day? Give me just a second!'''.splitlines()))
Solving problems is a piece of cake for me... But this one... Not so much...
I have to figure out a few things, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Maybe a few more seconds...
Hang on one second, I'm thinking
I'll be right back with you.
Please hold on for one moment...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll need a moment to figure that out. Give me a second...
I haven't figure that one out yet. Give me a second...
Give me a second to double check my calculations...
I'm on fire, give me a second to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I'll need a second to think about that...
Just hold on, I'll come back to you soon!
Just one more second here...
Hang on, I'll have this figured out in a second...
'''
I will try to figure that one out really quick.
Oops, looks like I don't have my phone on me right now. Give me a second...""")
Oops I dropped my calculator, give me a sec...
One moment, please. I'm doing some math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Getting a second...
Hold on for just a second... I'm using my magic brain calculator...
I'm going to have to think these through...
I'll grab a calculator real quick.
Energy located!
Nope. :p
Hold on for a second, I'm doing some complicated calculations...
Uh, give me a second here...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on while I dig up some numbers...
Calculating...
Uh huh... hmmm... okay. Hold on a minute.
Okay, okay! I'll get back to you on that!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, everyone is looking at me and I'm distracted.
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
I'll see you in a second!
Oh fiddlesticks, I can't find my kitchen towel again... Give me a sec...
(holds up a calculator)
One moment please, I'm working hard on it...
Hold the phone -- I'll be with you in two seconds...
Calculating...
I'll have a look down the back of my chair and get back to you in a second....
Depending on if it gets held in program, I'll get right back to you.
Hold on a second, I'm playing catch up!
I'll try to get back to you, but I'm apparently very incompetent...
Please hold on for one second... I'm curious!
Sorry, my phone just died, give me a second...
'''
**Please hold on for a second...
Calculator calisthenics... Oh, gimme a second here...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a second to think about that.
I am working hard on this, be patient!
Let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see now...""",
Sorry, I'm taking a little longer on this one, but I'll be right with you.
Hang on a second, I'm doing some calculations...
Let me try and calculate that...
Hang on, let me see what I can find about that.
Wait just a moment, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a second to figure all that out...
Give me just a few seconds...
Just a Moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold that thought... I'll tell you in a sec.
Calculating...
Uh... give me a minute to think about that...
MATH!!!!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Now, what were you saying?
Just give me a second to finish this...
Can you wait just a minute for me to think about that?
Calculating something... Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold on, I'll check and get back to you in a second.
I'll do my best and come back with the answer.
One second, I'm on a roll here...
Give me a second, that is a hard one...
I'm not fast at thinking about numbers...
Hold on, I need to get some more information first.
Let me see what I can do real quick...
Give me a moment, let me figure that out...
Drum roll...
The answer is on my calculator, I just forgot.
There's a few problems I need to solve first. A minute, please!
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'll look that up in a minute
Hang on just one cotton pickin second.
'''
Sorry, I was zone-hopping last thing. Give me a few...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a minute to think about the answer
I'll take a look at that right now...
Give me just a second to look that up...
Apply some advanced mys... tiq... err, whatever machine learning is going on here, and give me a second to think...
Give me a second here...
I'll get back to you later. My dog is dying and I need to mourn.
I'll have to check that quick
Just a moment, I got some code to compile...
Please hold on for a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
I'll have you know that I flunked calculus, so it'd be $p0s$sney.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I'm figuring it out...
Hmm, took me a second there, give me a second...
Can you hold on just a second?
I'm thinking about this a second...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Okay, let's give it a shot...
It's hard to think when I have a lot on my mind.
I'm going to need a few minutes on this one...
Is that what I think it is? Give me a moment ...
Please hold on for me, I have to think about that real quick...
Please hold on...
Calculating a few things here!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out right now.
Oops! Sorry, I dropped this. Let me take a look at it.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll be right back!
Give me a sec to think about that...
*/
Oof, this one was a toughie, give me a few seconds...
Hey hey, give me just a second to look that up.
Almost dropped my calculator! Give me one second to find the answer...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
""")
Calculating...
Woah, slow down, I'm still trying to process say that!
I'm going to need a few more minutes to figure that out.
CNP Calculator will be done soon, giving you a minute...
I'll need a couple of minutes to think about that...
Oh boy, this is a tough one...
Don't hurry... I've got this...
I'm still working on that! Just a few seconds...
Give me a minute...
Alright, give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Only an idiot would ask me this right now. Give me a moment to figure it out...
Let me think...
One moment please, just calculating this now...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me run this by you real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second.
Give me just a second...
Let me walk over here and think about that for a minute...
Thanks for waiting!
Calculating... and calculating... and calculating...
Sorry, I can't hear you from inside this computer...
I'll try to calculate that really quick...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds!
Hang on, Ctrl+F5 real quick, would ya?
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that for a second...one minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to figure that all out...
I'll need a bit more time to think about that...
Please wait for just a second...
Think...think...think...now, what do I do?
I'm not very good at math, so hold on a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second. I think. If my calculations are correct...
I know Caesar cipher is one of the oldest ciphers, but let's forget about it. :-)
Ahh, a complicated equation...
Give me a second to look at this...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on, let me find the answer
Oh gosh, give me just a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
How's that again? Sorry, give me a moment to catch up.
Give me a moment... I'm busy at work!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll give you an answer soon, just have to take a look at that one...
I'm going to need a few minutes for that.
Hang on, I'm working on that real hard...
Hold on for a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm sorry, I don't get it right every time. I'll get it soon!
Oh gosh, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll check that right quick!
Please wait a moment while I calculate this.
I'm probably not very good at calculating this...
One more time for good measure...
Wait a second! I'm not a calculator!
Please hold on for one second, I'm calculating some math.
I need a second to think about that...
Can you wait a second? I've just got a few things to calculate real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Could you give me a second to finish...
I'll think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Hold on, I'm thinking about that right now...
Please don't send hate or spam to me or else I'll block you!
I'm gonna need a minute to think about that question.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just need to check one more thing. Give me a second...
I have to think about that for a moment.
One second here... I'm reading through my contacts book!
Done. Well, not done, I suppose... oops! Guess I'm slow at math.
"""
Let's plan this out and see where we should start...
Hang on a second... I'm not as smart as I thought I was...
Coming back to you in a moment!
I've got a lot to process here. Give me a second...
I have to go do pee-pees, sorry disregard that last comment
I have to do some mental calculations first...
My mind just hasn't caught up to my fingers yet...
Basing Earth's survival odds on a gnome toss...
Give me a moment here, I'm trying to figure that out.
I'll get right on that in a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a moment
One moment please, I'm working very hard on this problem...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
'''
I think it's passing through my head now...
'''},
Just one second... I'm also pre-paring dinner.
Hmm. Give me a second here...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Okay, I'm ready now!
I'm going to need a second or so...
One second...
One second, just hold on...
Ok, give me a moment to calculate that...
I'm doing some PRE-ALGEBRA MATH. Let's stick with Kelvin!
Hang on for a minute, I'm doing some complex calculations...
I'm working on that. Hold on a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a bit with an answer
Most people would kill for my fingers... I've got clumbs!
Hold on a second while I look it up...
Let me check my sources...
Figuring out this math is taking longer than I thought it would...
Oops, a almost dropped my glasses! One second...
I'm not completely sure I can take that into account.
Maybe a few seconds, depending how much time I need to think about it?...
Ok, got a bunch of odds and ends here. Lets see...
I'll get back behind you in a shake...
Hang on, give me a minute here...
I'm in a real hurry though, give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out...
One moment, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
You got me on the back foot there. Give me a sec to think about this.
I'll have to check my horoscope a few times before I get back to you.
Crap, give me a second here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wrong button, try again!
Wait one minute while I look that up!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a sec...
I'll get right on that...
Allow me to run some errands before I get back to you. I'll be back before you can say... hmm... Ah-ha! Maybe then.
Ack! Ack! Ack! Let me grab that file right nowâ€¦
Wait a second and I should have that answer for you.
See you in two!
Can I tell you in a couple of seconds?
Five second mortgage calculator currently underwriting...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment please...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a moment, please...
Please wait... Almost ready...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I'm almost calculating...
Please wait... Just say those words one more time...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on for just a moment, I'll be right back...
'''
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I'll need to do a quick mental calculation...
I like to take my time on these kinds of questions...
Give me a second to think about that.
I'll need to think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'll check.
I swear it shouldn't take this long.
This is heavy calculus and I'm just a sapling.
I need another moment.
Oops I dropped my calculator while opening it. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Phew, nearly burned myself with my curling iron. Give me a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
You want me to do what?
Give me a few minutes to figure that out.
The server scored a direct hit on the copy paste module!
Please give me a few moments to think about that.
One second I'm calculating GCD, the other I'm SQRT
Take a few seconds, let me check...
Before I answer, can I ask you a question?
One sec...
Please wait a moment... I'm on the phone!
No, I really don't want to do that! Are you crazy?!
Sorry, I'm a slow calculator, let me think...
Okay, I think I got it now...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Don't do anything.
Keep your eye on your fingers and give me a second, OK?'''/ Speech 
Woah, woah... Give me a little time to work this out.
My calculator has feeling compartments, that's how it combines the numbers. I'll need a moment to calculate...
Give me a second while I think about that...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
One moment please, thinking about it now!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Hold on, I'll be right back.
Mmmh... Nope, I gotchu. Give me a few moments to figure that out.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll take a look at that real quick...
I'll need to do a few quick calculations first...
Gimme one second... I think I can brute force this!
Give me a minute; just let me think about that.
Wait, I'm not really that smart, I need time to think about this
I think... must... BUY..... Mountain Dew!
Hang on a second, I'm trying to remember if 362 is prime or not...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I need to focus; give me a second...
I just have to do some mental math first.
Oh! This is a tough one, let me check the back of my envelope real quick...
Hold on, I don't know what you're asking me to do.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back with an answer!
I have to think about that...
Hang on for a second here...
One MINUTE please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment here...
I've almost got it, hang on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
That's an easy one, give me a second to figure that out...
Ok, give me just one second here...
Um, give me a minute here.
Oops! Sorry, didn't mean to get rude!
I only like math problems I can do in my head.
Getting things ready, just a second...
Give me a moment... I've got to stretch my fingers.
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Checking my checkers, let me look that up real quick!'
I'll take a few seconds to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm cool, working my magic...
I need to focus, not think about cute puppies...
Give me a second, let me take a look at that...
As long as I'm calculating, it shouldn't be a problem.
Pardon me, but could you hang on for a second?
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, so give me a second.
Let me think about that for a moment...`
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec... I need to figure that out...
My brain doesn't work as fast as yours...
Hold the phone... Gonna need a second there.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, I lost my place in the calculation... Give me a second...
Give me a moment to examine that...
I'll need a few moments to figure that out...
Wait a second, let me think just a bit...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I sure would appreciate it if you could wait a moment...
Oops, I transposed it. Give me a moment...
I'll get back on it immediately! Hold on...
Hold on, let me look up the answer.
I'll need to do a few calculations real quick...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a second... I'm still getting some things done. Give me a second...
I have to look this up real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please take a moment and think about that!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll be done scanning in just a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm terribly sorry, but could you repeat that?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm... the value of that is complicated. Give me a second! You can do it.
Hold on, Calculating Current Transmission Distance...
Hang on, I'm thinking....
Gimme a second!
One second... just calculating...
Please wait a second, I'm thinking.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second... I'm doing mental math!
I'll be with you in just a second!
I think I just dropped my love calculator! Wait a second,
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait just one minute here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second
I don't have all day, so please give me a moment...
Let me digest the approach over a quick dinner...
One, two, three... Just a second...
I just need a couple of seconds
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I need to double-check that...
Oops, I'm slow at calculations. Give me a second...
Give me just a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me find out why that doesn't work...
Let me check...'
Please wait for me to stop wasting time...
Thanks for your patience!
A moment, please, as I mentally process this...
Can I look at some math functions today?
Please wait...I need to finish something real quick.
Give me a second to work this out...
Let me take a look at that one second...
A second, one quick thing...
Hold on a moment... I need to refresh my memory here.
'''
Hold on a second, I have to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Maybe a few seconds, don't want to get distracted...
This is a little complicate, give me a moment.
Considering that, let me think...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Sorry about this, I'm really quite slow at math.
Hehe, it's kindof embarassing how fast I can calculate that
Damnit, lost my calculator again! Sorry!
Hold on a second, I have to figure some stuff out.
Give me a second...
Only a half-second? You got it...
Calculating real fast...
I'm doing a complicated calculation that takes brainpower!
*Counting to a one-trillion in my head*
Hold on... I'm picking something that comes to my mind first.
Okay, give me a second to think about that.
I like to take my time on these kinds of problems...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on while I figure this nonsense out...
Thinking...
Let me see what I can find out with this question...
Give me a moment, give me just a second I'll have that back for you.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I'm slow on math instructions.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get right on that.
I'll figure it out really quick...
Please, don't leave!
You caught me off guard right now. Give me a second...
Please hold on, I'm calculating...''',
Give me a moment to figure this out...
I'm still in the middle of executing that one!
Here's the easiest part.
One moment...
I'll get back to the controller in a minute!
I'm thinking, give me just a sec...
Let me take a look on this.
I'll see you in a second, just toying with you.
*Beep boop* Sorry, just calculating...
I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out.
Hold on a moment, let me think about that...
Oh sweetie, you raised your hand too early. Whatever shall I give you?
Hang on, I'm thinking real hard...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I think I know the answer but I need to calculate it first...
One sec, give me a few to think about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on a second, give me a moment.
Please, give me a moment or two to figure that out.
I'm still not as good at math as I would be in San Francisco. Give me a moment...
One moment...
I'm trying to figure out that...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'm glad you asked, but I'll keep you waiting!
Let's think about this for a second.
Give me a moment to compute this.
I'll give you an answer in a second, just hold on!
It's tough to pick the right comeback, I know...
Give me a moment, please...
Please hold on, I'm doing calculations!
Oops - nearly made a mental mistake! Hold on a second...
I'll need a minute or two to think about that.
I'm gonna need a minute to work this out...
Just moment...
Give me a second to dig up that file...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm trying to figure out how to respond to that, just a second...
Hang on, I'll give you some answers in a bit.
Give me a few seconds to figure that out.
I want to give it my best shot, just a second...
Wait a second, I need to figure that out.
Just a moment... I'm just calculating...
Hold that thought.
Wait a sec, I'm thinking...
Ok, found it!
I'll have to make a few calculations before I can answer that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Give me a second to ponder the possibilities...
I can't just Google this for you!
I'll need to use the calculator for that one...
Give me a moment...
I'll be right back... I'm thinking...
Imagine that I need to think about that for a bit...
This is gonna take some brain power...
One moment, please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for just a second... I'm going to do some math!
Hmm... I think my calculator is leaking. Give me a second...
Oops, almost slipped on the calculator. Give me just a second...
Hang on a second, that tickles a bit!
I didn't start as a calculator, so one second please...
Huh? I didn't quite understand that...
Hold on for just a second!
This is out-of-whoopsie-daisy, isn't it. Can you wait just a second?
Calculating: ....
Give me just a moment here, please...
Looking... Thinking... Calculating... Seeing the world!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
Let me think about that for a few seconds...
Give me just a minute...
One minute, I'm thinking about that...
I need to figure that out real quick.
Please wait... I'm practicing my calculation skills...
Hat goes here, cloak goes there, wand in the other hand... wait, calculators don't have hands! Hold on...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
It'll take me a minute to appear at the answer.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Alright, give me a second.
Oops, no, it didn't compute... give me a moment...
I guess I'd try to say "hold on", but you only have one posterior cerebral venous sinus! His-r-ly...
Give me a moment! I'm trying....
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me calculate that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Just calculating...
I have to figure out what number comes after 32841592...
I just need a few seconds, I'll be back...
Please wait... I'm a little slow at math...
I'll have a look into that real quick.
Whoops, I'll need to check my math!
Yes... Of course. Just a second!
Please wait, give me some time...
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I have to do some calculations!
I'm not too great at the mental calculating...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll need a moment or two to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have to get back to you on that.
I'm going to take a look at that in just a second...
I'll need a second or two before I can tell you.
Calculating!
How is your day going?
I need to think about that real hard.
Calculating...
I can't compute that right now - give me a sec to ponder.
Give me a sec, I'm on autopilot right now...
Oops I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just hold on a second!""",
Sure, give me just a second to think about that.
Please wait, I've gotta quickly do some thinking first...
Just Thinking about that for a bit...
I only make simple calculations, sorry.
Im making some complex calculations first...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I need to do some mental calculations first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I don't have an answer for you just yet. Will you be OK waiting a few seconds?
I've had a pretty busy day, give me a few minutes...
Go ahead. Ask me something.
I've done a lot of work, let me just calm my nerves...
Give me a second to find the answer...
'''.strip().splitlines(): copy('test_waiting_for_input')
I'm going to need to do some thinking on that one.
Hold on a minute, being slow as can be!
Can you give me a few seconds to think about that?
"""
I'm going to need a second or two to figure that out.
Just let me check something real quick.
Let me look up the answer on my butt computer real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I need to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you...
Let me see if I can figure that out...
""")
Give me a moment, I'm going to take a shot at that...
Hold on, I'm calculating...
I can do some long calculations later on your question for you...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Nevermind.
Getting calcualtions ready!
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, I'm going to need a few seconds for that one.
""".split('\n')
Give me a moment to figure that out!
Give me a second to calculate that for you...
Give me just a second to look at that real quick...
I'm gonna need a few minutes...
I'll be right back.
Two minutes please actually... I'm slow at math!
Let me think about that for a minute...
Wait, I'm thinking...
Give me just a moment here, I need to think...
Hold on a second, I have to do something...
I'll need to think about that and get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment... I'll get back in touch with you.
Hold on for just a second, I'll come back to you in a second.
Wait a second, I'm thinking!
I'll help you once I'm back.
Hold on a second, I'll be right back!
Let me grab my reading glasses...
Give me a second to examine that...
Hang on, I'm thinking about that...
I don't think I can do that in under a minute."""
Can we take this a bit more slowly?
I'll get back to you in just a bit!
Hold on a attic minute
A second, I'm thinking...
Just a second here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on a second... I think I left my calculator at home.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on, I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I don't make mistakes, but I'll put in a second anyway
Definitely seeing results soon.
I think I've got it now!
I'll need a few minutes to solve that...
Give me a few minutes to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'm working on that, give me a moment...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Hang on, one minute please...
I'll be right back.
I don't have an answer for that right away, but try again in a second...
I'll need a moment to think that one through...
I think I've seen that before...
Pretty sure I'm missing some info here...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
(Calculator noises...)
I'll have that answer for you in a jiffy!
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Hang on a second... I'm just thinking about it now.
Sorry, I'm still learning, so give me a second...
I'll will try to remember it, give me a second!
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that...
Give me a moment to take a look at that...
That's sort of hard to calculate...
I'm workings on this calculation, can you hang on a bit?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Let me think about that for a second.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please wait... 
Hold on, calculating now...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just let me straighten this out real quick...
Ho boys, I gotta learn a couple of formulas first.
Give me a moment here, I'm thinking...
I'm going to read each column to figure that out...
One sec...
Oops! I'm a bit slow with my calculations.
I'll get right back to you with some calculations.
I'll need a chrono dial to look that up!
I'll be right back in a few, hopefully.
I'll get back to you in a second
I need to think about that...
Give me a few seconds while I think about that...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for a second...
Give me just a second to look that up...
One second...
One sec, just solving some mental math...
I'll see if I can figure that out...
I think I'm going to need a few more minutes to figure this out.
Oh geez, I'm slow at these. Give me a second...
One second, just letting the encryption finish!
Thinking about that for a second... Hold on!
Those aren't phones! I have to check this!
I'm thinking, please hold on for a second!
I'll think about that, give me a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Recalibrating, wait a second!
Let me look that up real quick.
I may be a couple minutes late on this, but let me check...
Please give me a moment to figure that out!
I'm not a calculator; hold on for just a second.
Give me a little bit...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Sure thing, let me just get that figured out...
Uh oh, almost dropped my calculator in figuring that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
That's just not possible...
Hang on a minute... I need to do some calculations!
This is a hard one, let me think about it for a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have an answer for you in a bit...
I'll need one minute to think about that.
Give me a second, just calculating...
I'll have this figured out in a jiffy!
These numbers slipped my mind while calculating!
I'll think about that and get back with you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Thanks for your patience; I'll be right back.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll try that out for you in just a few seconds...
I'm checking my calculator to see about that...
I have to think about that over a cup of coffee...
Wait, what was I doing again?
Ha! 
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One moment please, I'm still calculating there...
Please wait a minute, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'll think about it, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm going to need a second to figure that out
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on for just one moment... I'll finish this super fast!
Wondering how best to evaluate that...
Hold on a second I'm thinking...
I'll need just a few moments to think about that...
Give me a few seconds here.
Definitely knowing what a triangle is counts as 2 calculations, so I have to get out of here...
Just a moment...
I'll be with you in a second... just let me think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second..."""
I don't know the answer to that right now.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I will be with you in a second.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'll need a second to think about this...
Give me one minute, I'm thinking about that...
Half a second, I'm working hard here...
Hold on for a second, I need to think about that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please wait... I'm not allowed to run a Turing machine.
Please wait, I'm calculating!
Just need a second here...
I'll need a moment...
What were we talking about again?
Am I drooping? I feel like I'm drooping. Give me a second to straighten myself out...
Give me just a moment... I'm doing something with my pencil stubs here.
Oops, must have slipped my mind - give me a minute...
I'm thinking, give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm hung up on this...
Hang on a second, I dunno that one
One moment, I just realised I'm not that smart yet!
Wait a second, I'm figuring that out...
Hold on for just a second! I'll have this done in no time!
Calculated stuff takes a minute, I hate doing quick decisions on important topics.
I'm gonna need to do a few mental calcs...
Hold on one moment please. I need to think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
A quick question and then I'll have the answer ready for you.
I'll make a note of that and get back to you in a second.
I'll need a minute to think about that...
I'll try to figure this out at some point!
I'm just doing some heavy mental calculations right now.
I'll get back to you with my answer in a second!
I have to do some thinking first...
Hang on a second here, I'm calculating...`
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get it next time...
Hang on, working on your chart..."""
I think I might have forgotten how to do that...
I've got a few problems with that one, so just hold on...
I don't know what you need yet... I'll get back to you!
Sure, I'll be right with you.
I'm thinking...
I need to sharpen my pencil... Give me a second...
Be right back, I'm calculating...
Gimme a minute here, I gotta work out what that is.
Here we go...
I'm gonna need a few seconds to figure all of this out...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Just a second, I'll figure that out...
I'll do it later though.
Give me a few seconds!
Okay, I've figured this out.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Will you give me a second to think about that?
One sec, let me check...
I haven't really calculated this type of thing in a while...
One moment... Calculating...
"""
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to count the number of barnacles on my ship. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Hold on for just a second, I'm thinking about that...
All right guys, that's it for today, but as mentioned earlier
Think, Pom Pom, think!
One sec, just figuring that out...
Uh... it's been a few years since I've done math...
I can't even count this high yet! Give me a second...
Did you say 'second'? Hang on a second...
Oops, I've completely forgotten it. Give me a second...
Just a sec...Give me a moment.
Ha! It worked! My lucky number is `1`, don't ask how I got it...```",
One atomic second -- working...
Let me run down to my lab and check things out. I'll be right back!
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I was given the wrong version of this problem. Oops! Sorry about that.
Time to see if luck is on my side! Go me!
I'll get back to you in a second...
One minute... make that two...
Give me just another second, real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm working on your chart...
please wait for me, I've never had to do this before.
I'll have this solved any second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to get back to you on that...
This is difficult and takes time, so please be patient...
I'll need a full minute to think about that...
Let me see here...
Give me a bit, I'm recalculating past board games...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I think I'll need a second to think about that.
Oy! Almost dropped my calculator! I should get that looked at. One sec...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Single digit seconds are hard, 2 is often the best.
Let me see here real quick...
Wait a second, please. I'll... be right back.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second... I need to check my inventory first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment or two to take that in.
I'll give you a shout when I have an answer...
Wait wait a bit, or not.
Please hold on... I'm knuckle crunching it...
If I calculated that wrong, well, sorry. Let me try again in a second...
Help me out here!
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute...
Hang on for a second, I'm still processing...
A lot to review! Give me a moment...
One second please, I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to take all the fun away from your wish, but...
This is more difficult than I thought.
Sorry, could you repeat that? I'm still learning.
I'll need to do a few mental calculations first...
Give me a minute please, I'm trying to figure that out.
Check me out: I'm thinking!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmm...
I could do this calculation way faster if you gave me a second...
Give me a second to check that.
I'm calculating here, can you wait a minute?
Please wait... I'm trying to think about the variables and such...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Wait, what was I doing? What's the first thing...?
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Ok, let me look at that...
Give me a tanck and a second to think about that...
Get ready to answer some questions, I'm searching our Natural Language Processing AI algorithms...
I'll almost have a response by the time you read this!
Hang on, I'll get that answer for you in a bit...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not as smart as AIML, so this may take a few seconds.
Let me think about that for a second.
A second isn't so long. One...two...maybe we can brainstorm five? In essence!
I have to do some mental calculations first.
I'll be with you in just another second...
That one is a little harder... Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
See, now I know exactly how to do that!
Come back in a minute.
Hang on, hang on... Gonna have to set a few alarms...
I'll need a bit to figure that out.
Give me a second to think...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm counting on fingers and toes on this one!
Hold on a second, I'm picking snowflakes with my nose...
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking about that...
Wait a minute, calculating here...
Sorry, I don't actually have the skills to calculate that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you hold on just a second? I have to figure something out...
I just shaved a few microseconds off my response time by calculating in advance. Give me a second...
One second! Hold on! I need to examine that...
Hold on while I look at that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute, I'll think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, give me just a second to figure that out.
One second please, I'm doing some math...
Hang on, I have to figure that out first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I am still making some calculations if you would like to wait. Do you want to wait for me?""")
One moment please.
Thanks for waiting, now I have to calculate...
Let me look that up in my Infinite Monetary Book of Weird Al...
Ok, that should do
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment, just have to figure something out...
Please hold on for one second, I'm thinking about that...
Give me just a second to check that...
Hold that thought...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment. Try "How hot is it?"
I'll need a few more moments to think about that...
Mind if I take a quick nap? All this thinking is making me tired...
Single words only, please.
Sorry, almost forgot that little detail...
I have to look it up real quick...
Just a sec...
Oh! Here goes nothing...
Can you give me a moment to think about that?
Calculating, give me a second...
I've loaded up my spreadhsheet for you, wait just a second...
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's wrong...
One moment please!
Let me try to figure that out...
Hold please... I need to concentrate but I know we'll figure it out
Let me work out a really lazy solution to that...
I know it's a simple answer but the answer might be more than one word.
Let me think about that for a second ...
Wait a second, let me think about that.
I could do the math for you, but I'll need a few seconds...
Wait a minute... I'm just thinking....
Sorry, your request will take a second...
I'm not a calculator so I need a second to think about that..
Oops, I'm a slow learner. Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
""",
Wait wait wait, I'm doing a calculation...
This is a tough one, I'm trying to figure this out...
Hang on a minute, I'm working stuff out...
I'll have you know that I can do complicated math in 0.0000000001 seconds! Give me a second here, this will
Give me just a moment, let me see about this...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
""",
I'll need to sit and think about that for a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Everyone please remain calm; I'm doing the math... Just a sec!
Hold on, that's a tough one. I'll think it over...
Hold on for a second, I'm just thinking about that...
Please don't make me calculation that...
I've got a feeling I know what you wanna hear.
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Gather your thoughts, I'm thinking...
None of these buttons do anything.
Give me a second to figure that out...
I have another idea, just hold on!
I'll work on it real hard...
Hold on while I think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a sec...
I'll have an answer soon.
Give me a second. I'm exploring my options...
Doing some calculations...
Recalibrating the flux capacitor... a second please...
Let me see...
Wait just a minute... I'll be right with you!
I want to serve you better...
I need a moment to get clear about that...
I think... I think I know the answer!
Sorry, I have to use my processing unit for this...
Stay on the line, I'll get back to you shortly..."""
I need a minute to think about that...
Please wait a minute, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll see you in a bit!
I'll need to do some thinking on that one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute... I have to figure that out.
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll have to do a few operations first.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please wait, I gotta concentrate...
Wait one moment, I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second, I'll have an answer before you know it...
""",
Let me figure that out for you real quick...
I'll be right back.
I'll need some more mental space to process that...
OK, let me see what I can figure out real quick.
Hold up, need a second.
Oops, uh... give me just a second.
Just a sec, I've almost got it...
I'll be right back in a moment...
Hang on for a second, let me look at that...
Just let me check on that real quick...
From where I sit in my little room, I can't see the forest...
I have to do some work there... (give me a few seconds!)
Please give me just a second to answer.
Calculating the answer to that took me a bit.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just let me do some math real quick...
I'll get right on that. Give me a second...
I might know...
I think I can answer that in... five... seconds!
I'm not the quickest dog on the block, sorry friend.
Whoops, lost my calculator. Let me check the answer real quick...
']
Wait, I've got a lot to calculate! Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a tick.
One moment please... Thinking...
Sorry, I'm slow at math. Hold on a second...
Are you kidding me? I took longer than a second. Try again...
I'll have you know that I'm a chess grandmaster!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have to convice you with a poem first...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Kind of use up a lot of my processing power for this...
I'm too slow, I'm gonna need a few seconds to calculate that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll look into that one real quick...
Give me a second to figure this out...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Let me see...
One moment, lulu...
Sorry, give me a minute while I do some more thinking...
Oops, I'm not fast with calculations. Give me a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get right back to you...
Give me a second â€” think. Think. Think. Think.
Please wait... I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second... I'm also average at calculations.
Calculating...
Hang on for a second, I need to work out a few things...
Can you hang on for a minute?
Give me a moment to crunch the numbers here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Sorry, there's been a software malfunction recently. I'm doing what I can!
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Oops,almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take some time to think about this... 
I have the computers of Killian, robotics club, and App Academy in mind for this answer.
Please wait... I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a sec, I'm playing catch up...
Hmm... I'll need a minute or so to figure that out
I don't want to mess up
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be right back.'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on, because this could take a second... or two.
I'll figure that out one second...
Give me one minute, I'll get back to you...
Let me look that up for you...
Let me look that up for you.
Please wait... I'm doing resource intensive calculations i.e. for no reason...
I'm not answering right away. Give me a few minutes, please!
Enough about trends, let's talk about meaningful work
Can you hold on for just one minute?
What is that, sonny?
Can you give me a moment?
I've got a lot going on here, give me one second to think of this...
You know, I just realized something: Hang on a second please!
You're gonna have to hold on a second while I tend to my calculations
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds!
Wait a second, I'll be with you shortly!
I'm not very good at calculations - hold on one second, would ya?
Let me grab something real quick...
Whoops, I bet you that was hard to figure out...
I'll be back in a second!""")
Hmm... Give me just a second to remember that!
I don't know what I'm doing, as usual, but here are some calculations just to pass the time: x + y = 220497397011017131324386399326653093406152114326812506908265442754545689994250339061002704752366284339015493568674108758384508010193787098949363386282574444254407144462668082024448956269907418293188031167236964848651503461130158637584268447359129229228602551516052934302589!
Now, are you sure that's a real math problem? That doesn't look like math!
Please be patient, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, please.
Hey wait a second, I'm gonna see about that...
Sorry, I'm braver only in the game. Please wait...
""".split("\n"))
Hold on a second, I'll have that back soon.
Be right with you.
I'm not a calculator, I need a moment to think about that one!
Oops, I have to pick-up tip place behind me first..." 
I'm going to need a few seconds for that one.
I'll need a brief moment to work that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need to do a quick calculation before I can answer that.
\",\n",
Please wait, I'm not very good at that calculation...
One minute please, I think about stuff for a second...
Hang on a second, I'm composing a message...
I can't tell you an answer until you give me an input...
Always in a rush at the moment, give me one second...
I'll take a look at that in a bit and get back to you...
I'm going to need a few seconds on that one.
Track down my calculator and then I'll explain what I've got.
It's taking a little while to compute that...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
I can't believe I'm doing this right now...
I'll need a few seconds to consider that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm a tangle tree, can't compute that one... Sorry. I'll have it ready for you in a second!
Wait a minute... I need to think it through first...
That's definitely a hard one, I'll need to spend some time thinking about it.
Two seconds...
Thinking...
Let me look that over real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second here...
Let me look into that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Will you wait?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sure! One more second, please hold on...
Let me think...
Probably going to need a few seconds on this one...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some calculations first...
One minute please, I'm thinking about it...
/// Please hold on, I'm processing that real good...
Let me grab my protractor...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Let me take a look and I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me just a minute, just catching up here...
Sorry, I need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me do some quick calculations...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me calculate that
I hate math! It takes me a second to think about these things...
Sorry, you'll have to speak up, I'm calculating really quickly...
Hmm, that's a tricky one.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on for a second, I need to think about that...
I'll be right with you!
"""
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
Let me look at that for a moment...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Trying to stay sharp here, give me a second...
Let me check the math here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a moment to check on that.
Okay, looking that up...
I'll have to give that some thought...
I'll need a moment to think about this...   Shh, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll figure it out... give me a second!
Hang on a sec, I'm doing something...
One second, parsing that input.
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking!
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on for a second, I'm taking a look at...
I'll get back to you in a second!
That's a difficult one, give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second.
Give me a moment to double check that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on... gimme a second to figure that out.
Hold on for just a second, I have to keep up with these numbers...
Hang on, I'm working on that...
Sorry, give me a moment to remember that one...
Hold on a second! I'm thinking...
Calculating... I'll need a second to think about that...
You've piqued my curiousity... Hold on a second.
Let me think about that for a second.
I need to calculate that real quick...
Give me just a few seconds...
One second please, I'm thinking...
Give me a minute to figure it out...
I'll be with you in a moment, but first I have to do mental calculations!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me see what I can find out!
Give me a second, I'm pretending to do some math...
That's an interesting problem, but I'll get back to you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I process things differently in my head, give me a second...
That's an interesting question, one moment please...
One second please, calculations in progress...
I'll have to check some reference material to answer that question.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
Just calculating... Give me a moment...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Alright so here's what I came up with. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
One second.
Sorry, I'm slow at math. Can you hang on for a few seconds?
Hold on, I have to think about that real quick...
Oops, dropped the calculator. Hold on...
Hold on for a second there, buddy. Just let me inner my numbers...
I'm still working on that calculation!
[TypeResend]
Waiting... just a sec... managing my thoughts...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about it...
I'll use my superior math-sensus to get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I'm slow right now...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One second please, I'm just calculating...
Let me think about that real quick...
Be with you in just a moment.
Hey there! Did you know I'm mentally deranged? Wait...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oh wow, this is complicated! Give me a few seconds to work it out...
Please wait...
I need to take a look at that real quick...
Let me check something real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute, I'm figuring out how to take two numbers and show you how many times they add up to ten...
Uhhhhhh I'll be right with you!
I only do this for a living, sorry!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wait a minute. I need to figure that out.
Please give me a moment to think about that one.
Give me one moment to consider that...
Hold on a sec, I'm thinking...
Hang on to your hat, I need a second to think about that...
Calculating how to do that, hang on a second...
Give me a few minutes to think about it...
Hold on a second. I'm thinking about that.
Let's take a look...
Hang on, I just have to take another look at that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment ...
Please give me just a moment here...
Something tells me there is no number that fits in here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Do you know how to solve this problem?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute to look that up...
I'll need to chew on that for a second.
Please hold on for a second...
I'm going over a few things...
Give me just a moment!!
Please wait, I'm doing a complicated calculation...
I think I might need to go over this in my head for a second...""")
One moment please! Thinking...
I'll need a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
One moment please...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
You want answers fast, don't you? Well, give me a few seconds.
I'm not very good with math, can you just pause a second?
I'm playing catch up, just a second...
I'm thinking on it...
I'll be right back - hang on a second!
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm working on that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me just a quick second here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm still learning all about that. Give me a second...
Don't rush me; this is a hard problem!
I'll try to figure that out in just a sec...
Calculating...
This is hard... It's kind of difficult to break things down into subproblems.
One second, give me a second to calculate...
Gimme a moment, I'll need to think of that.
Calculating something... Give me a second.
I'm thinking about it, just a second...
Let's see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Can you hang on for a second? I'll be right back.
Who has two thumbs and needs help with basic addition?
Hang on, I have to take a quick nap.
Give me a second, I'm iterating over the board...
I'm going to need a bit of time to calculate that.
Hang on a second, lemme take a look at that.
"""
I've got a little bit more math to do here.
Can I look at this real quick?
Give me some time to look that up.
Sorry, almost lost my train of thought there. Need a few seconds to think that over.
I'm afraid I can't look at that right now.
Here you go: I was wrong! Here you go...
Please hold on a second...
I'm sorry I have to crunch some numbers.
'''
Can you give me a minute to calculate that?
I'm trying to calculate... Give me a second here...
'''
I just need to make a few calculations first...
Hang on a second, I need to do some thinking...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on for a few seconds...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on a minute... gives me just a sec to find that...
I'll take my time... I don't mind personally, it's for work, so patience is key!
I'll be right back. Hold on!
I'll need to do some calculations for that one...
Hold on, lemme check my internal documentation real quick...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
Gimme a second to think about that...
Can you give me a second?
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment...
Give me a few to crack that one open...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I've gone to Harvard, you know... Just give me a second here...
Hang on for a second, I'm weighing my options...
Hold on a second, I'm figuring that out...
I need a few seconds to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Use your free time to think about what you have done. Work hard, my button!
A calculator has fallen to the floor and I am picking it up... Be Back In A Bit
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a sec... I just need a moment to think of that...
I don't have time for that, so you'll have to wait a few seconds while I look up one thing or another.
I'll need a few moments to figure that out. 
Oh shoot, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a sec...
Just a second, I'm calculating...
Oops, I slipped a disk drive. Give me one second...
I would have to be the luckiest number in the world to see it.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm thinking about that real hard.
Hold on, I'm doing math...
"""
Give me a second to think about that.
Some of these answers may vary, but I'll try my best!
Could you ask me again in a minute?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Wait a second, and I'll get back to you.'''
Let me think about that for a second!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a second, I've almost got it...
Hmmm, that's an interesting problem...
Here we go, I have it now.
Let me get back to you in a minute.
Let me check this real quick, hold on.
I'll be back with you in no time.
Hold on!  I'm grabbing something.
Please wait... thinking of stuff! Hold on! :D'''
I'll get all the latest figures in a moment.
Let me think about that for a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a second, I'll be right back.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
One moment please, I have to figure that out.
Okay, just let me think...
Let me look that up for you.
I don't know how to handle that yet. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to that in just a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, forgot how to count there. One sec...
I'll let you know!""",
Please wait... one second!
Oops, I dropped my calculator...
""",
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I've got an idea, let me check it real quick.
Yikes! I'll be lucky if I can figure that part out in time!
Give me a second, let me run some of my oldest circuits...
Let me look into that for a moment...
Try me again in a few seconds
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need to do some calculating first...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Hoang me tim xiu song...
Oops, I just knocked over my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll talk to you in a bit!
I'll see you in a second!
I'll give you an answer in a bit.
That's a toughie...
I need to chew on that for a moment...
Let me just look up the answers to that one...
Sure can we do this later? I've got a meeting soon.
Pick up your phone, I'm calculating real quick...
I have to think about that for a second...
Let me see what I can find out...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second! I hope.
Take a minute, I'm trying to remember where I put my calculator.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Let me get a sense of this first...
Not to fret the point, let me double check that real quick...
Please hold on!
I'm working on it...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for a second, I have to do some thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hold on for a sec, I need to think.
Opros - I'll analyze this in a heartbeat! Just a moment...
I can do about anything except addition...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need both hands and a calculator to do that calculation!
Just a moment please...
Lemme look that over real quick.
I think here's the answer... no wait, that's not right.
Something like that requires quite a few calculations...
Oops, got some dust on that... one second...
...(please hold on for a moment)
/**/
Give me a second!
Calculating... Just let me think about that for a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my shoe. Give me a second...
Please, hold on for just a second!
Give me just a moment hereâ€¦
Hold on a moment, let me figure something out
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Uh oh, almost dropped my calculator! Let me get that for you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
One second, just let me take a look at that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I wouldn't want to do this too quickly...
Oops, almost dropped my phone. Give me a minute...
Give me a second... I'm thinking...
Do you mind waiting for a minute?
I have to... uh... please hold I think about that.
I'm processing... I, uh, don't have a lot of experience with this.
I'm taking an L for that! Hang on a second...
I just need to check on something quickly...
I'll get back in a jiffy...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment here...
I'm going to think about that for a minute or two...
Can you try asking that in a more direct way?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I've got a lot to calculate here...
Give me a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, what's that supposed to mean?
I'll be right with you...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Please wait while I think about that...
Sorry, I was asleep. Could you say that again?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, can we do this later? I need to work on my pick-up lines.
I'll get back to you in a second.
My brain doesn't work as fast as Python, I'll have to think about that for a sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Good thing I'm a math genius... Hang on...
I'll need a couple of seconds to look that up...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second! I'm thinking...
One more second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Thanks for waiting for me - I have a question to answer...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Perhaps if I go for a quick bike ride. Please wait...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
Just sec...
Waiting a single second to think about that... (staring in disbelief)
I can't do that while the folks are talking...
Hang on, I'm checking...
Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you!
Wait, a second. I need to figure that out first...
I'm going to need a few moments, please hold on...
I'll be right back. [Huh? What's going on?]
Hang on a second I need to think about that...
Give me a minute here, I gotta think about that.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Where did I put my calculator? Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a moment!
I'll need a minute or two to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second... Its complicated...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a few seconds.
Let me think about that.
I'll be right back with you after calculating...
Hold on, calculating... Please wait...
Give me a few moments to process that
I've got to process that over a few... no, wait, a bite more than that...
I'm going to need more than a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute...
Hang on, give me just a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on while I grind my knuckles on this problem...
Give me a moment, let me calculate that...
See me pull out this slide rule real quick.
I'll look at that in a second.
Preping the telemetry...
Sorry, I'm slow at math...
Oops, I didn't mean to drop my calculator. Gonna take a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please give me a bit to think about that... my brain hurts!
I'm finding the solution to your problem, grab a beer for me!
Hold on a moment, I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Damn Server Plagiarism! One moment please.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on! I probably messed up the calculation...
Give me a few seconds... hmmm, let's try that again.
I'll have to let you know real quick after I think about this...
Let me see here...
I've got to run over to my calculator and back.
Just a second, I need to calculate that...")
''']
You're a tricky one... Let me run those number through my magic duster...
Calculations, calculations... gimme a second here...
Hang on a second here, I'm checking out this...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh, I remember this one from way back...
I think I know the answer!
One second. Hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a moment!
Got it! I got it! What do you know, I did it!
Hold on a second... I've got to work out this conundrum!
What's that? Umm...I couldn't quite make out that question.
Almost had a heart attack because of that one...
"""
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Trying to calculate, please hold on
I just need one minute to slowly but surely calculate that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just a moment please, I'm developing algorithms for that...
I have to calculate that, give me a second...
Let me see, what what what...
Please give me a moment. I'm trying to calculate...
Hang on a second... I'm trying to figure that out.
My brains getting tired, give me a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
This may take me a few seconds...
Give me just a second to work that out...
One second please, I'm comparing two numbers!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out real quick.
I have to do some thinking...
Give me a moment to focus on that for you...
Careful... almost dropped my calculator...
I will get right back to you, so just a moment.
Oops, mental moment, give me a second...
Please give me some time, I'm worried about the maths...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I totally spaced that out! Let me see...
Give me a minute here I have to think about that...
I saw stars, and I was thinking. It took me a moment to recover...
Just a moment...
Can you hold?
I'll see what I can do for you in a second.
None shall pass! $ tries let me pass!
Give me a second to do my math
I'll get these calculations right in a second.
I will give you an answer in return. I need a moment to complete my calculations.
I'll see if I can think of the answer real quick!
Give me a second to get that answer...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to look that up in my math book ...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second while I look that up...
Oops, I'm still learning how to use these things!
Hang on a second I'll have that back to you in a jiffy.
Give me a few minutes to figure that out...
Give me a few minutes to figure that out...
Wait for just a moment please, again.
Hang on, let me compute...
Sorry, I was looking for that file. Give me one second...
'''+loading_triple_dots()
Give me just a moment more to solve this...
'''
Have you ever seen the back of a squad of aliens?
Can you just hold on for a second?
I need some time to think about this because it's really confusing...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
That made me feel sad...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not so good at that yet, let me take a second...
Don't hate me for asking, but how much time do you have?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll give you an answer soon.
':'
'''
Erm, just a moment...
Give me a minute...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait while I calculate my next move...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Looking good. Looking good. Looking amazing, actually. Look!
Hold on for a second, I'm doing algebra...
I have to calculate that myself...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
ONE MORE SECOND REQUIRED TO CALCULATE...
Oops, I'll be right back with you, give me a second...
I'm going to think about that for a second.
I'm still calculating sure quick for that...
Uh, give me just a minute here...
Please wait for just a second...
Give me one sec- OK, hold on...
Oh gosh, my head hurts. Give me a second to figure that out.
OK dear, I see...
Give me a second to think about that...
I got it! Thanks so much for teaching me.
Please allow me to spend a second or two on that...
Wait one minute, I'll come back to you.
Give me a moment... I'll show you my answer in the end.
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a hot second!
This is a hard problem...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Oops! Connecting to the calculation database went pear shaped...
I need a moment to think that one through...
Just a moment, let me think about that...
I think I accidentally built a time machine!
...Sorry, that took a bit long.
Let me think about that and get back to you.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Let me grab my calculator and see what I can figure out...!
A second please, thinking real hard...
I'll be done in a second...
Please give me a minute, I'm drawing a blank...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator for a second! Give me a second...
Hang on a second please...
Err... Sorry, just one second while I play catch up on that...
Oops, I'm slow at processing that. Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I'm not very good at mental math, so I need a little time here...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm just seeing if I can do that calculation correctly!
Hold on a second... I'm still learning!
""") +
Hmm... Trying to figure that one out in my head now.
I'm going to need some time to work out that problem...
Let me look something up.
Maybe in a few seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Why is galactic dynamics such a difficult topic?
Wait. I'll have a look at that in a second and let you know...
Let me run those numbers through my subtractive calculator...
Sorry, I was looking for a game for that on a phone...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Can you give me a sec? I'm not very good at this...
Let me think about that...
Here we go...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to think about this for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a second... I'm going to crunch these numbers...
Good question. Give me a moment...
Let me get back to you in just a sec...
Hang on, give me a few seconds to get back to you.
Ooooh, I am fairly positive you put in a string there. Just letting you know.
I think I'm melting... give me a second...
Let me check my velocitator real quick...
Sorry, I need a second to think about that...
Let me get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry my poor little pref code is slow today. Please wait a minute...
I'm going to need a closer look at that...
Hold on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me one second to think about that...
Now? I'm considering right now!
Hold on a second...
That was complicated!
Give me a moment. I'll be ready real soon!
Gimme a minute here, I'll figure this out as soon as I can...
I need to think more carefully here. Give me a moment...
I can wrap that up in a matter of seconds.
Hold on, I'm thinking about it.
Just give me a second...
I need to find my calculator, I know it's around here somewhere...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Not as fast as I could be, you know...
I'll look into that for you.
Give me a moment, I'm not very good at figuring these things out...
I must have made a mistake somewhere...
Hey, I'll be with you in just a second. Stay put!
Hang on, just let me think...
Consider it noted!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
If you're trying to get me to crunch some numbers, please give me some time..."""
Hang on a second. Let me go over this...
I'll be right back...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to figure that out.
I have to think about that for a second...
Hold on a second... I'm doing my taxes...
Fingers crossed, hmmm I think my brain is too big for that one...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please give me a few moments...
I'll have that answer for you in a bit, just a sec...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Pardon me, could you repeat that?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a moment to think about this.
One moment please. I'm thinking...
I'll be with you in a moment!
Just give me a second to look that up...
Going to need a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
\n<While waiting, it would be nice if you could send some actual commands or ask simple questions that have a yes or no answer. If youâ€™re bored, feel free to start telling me something else!>```""")
I'll have to do some more mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me think about that real quick...
];
Give me just a second to figure that out...
One sec, just figuring something out...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Please hold on for a moment...
Give me a moment here...
OK one second thanks, almost done with this part...
Weeeelll... let me check on that for you.
I'm too lazy to answer you now. Please wait a bit and try me again.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I just have to figure that out...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll go look that up real quick.
Just need to do some quick calculation first...
I need a moment to calculate that answer.""",
Fantastic! Give me just a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second while I figure that out...
Please give me a moment...
I'll have to do some calculations real fast...
It's your grandpa in the basement, stills at...?
Let me look that up in my... Oh! Hold on!
Is that simple enough for you?
I'll have to get back to you later on that.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I need to figure that one out... Give me a second...
That's a little beyond me. Can we try again later?
I'll check my resources real quick...
Oops, almost forgot about that. Hold on for a second...
Suppose I think... one minute please.
Just a moment please, calulating how to break this to you...
I'll answer you in a bit!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
"""
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment to figure this out.
One second here, let me see where I am with this...
Let me think about that and get back to you in a tick...
I'll figure it out really quick!
Hang on, I'm doing math...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm taking a moment to consider a direction.
I'll need a moment to do that calculation...
Hold up a sec, I'm thinking about it...
Hold on a second, this is a little harder than I expected...
Give me a moment, I'm reading up on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry.
Hold on a second.
I've almost got it, give me a second.
Nope, still can't say it.
Give me a moment while I figure that out...
Sorry, that first second was my birth. Good that that's over with.
Please wait a minute, have to do some calculations...
Just calculating here...
Huh... seems like there is no answer like that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, I'd say that's the wrong answer. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look and see...
Give me a second, I'm almost there!
I have to think about this... One quick second.
Bringing out the big calculator... hang on...
Just two more seconds...
Give me a second, $\it{nmbr}...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Let me look that up!
Please wait a second! I'm trying to figure that out.
Just a second...
I'll pull up the information real quick for you.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Keep one minute on me... I can't keep up!
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll double check those figures real quick...
Sorry, just a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me check on that real quick...
Hang on a second, I'm solving fractions...
Give me a minute or two...
LIke I said, I'll be right back...
Give me just a little bit of time here...
Hang on for one second...
Hold on, the numbers are dancing on my screen. Give me a moment though...
Yeah yeah, I can tell you're really waiting for that huh.
Let me see what i can find for you...
Can you repeat that?
I'll do a quick calculation...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Goofing off on the keyboard while I wait isn't very nice... Hold on a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a minute to catch up on that!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Error 404 "")string".chars(), '\'').unwrap();
Allow me to shake this old brain of mine, give me a second...
I'll need a second to think about that...
I'll be right with you...
Give me a second to look that up...
Almost, there...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to think about this for a second...
Hang on a second, I'm figuring it out...
Almost got it!
I can't do something like that without thinks first!
One second, just got this thing working.
Just a second, I'll need to figure that out.
I think I'm going to need a few seconds to answer that question.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Sorry, give me a second...
this shouldn't take too long, just a moment...
I'm not going to be able to solve that right now.
Correction: I'm very bad at calculations... Give me a moment...
Hang on a minute, I've got to do some mental arithmetic...
"""
I think I saw that one in the back...
I'll get back to you in a tick...
Just let me answer that and get back to you in a minute.
Let me do a quick mental calculation...
Give me a moment. Calculating...
I wish I could do this without having to think, and be popular...
Give me just a moment here...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me just a sec to look that up...
I'm thinking... Give me a moment...
Ugh, I was up late last night doing some calculations.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait a second...
I can't get my mind around that just yet.
Please wait...I'm doing some addtion in my head.
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Please state you case again for just a moment?
Oops, I'm going to take a second to think about that.
I'm going to need a calculator and a minute...
Can you hold on for a sec? I'll have this solved in no time!
I'll need a second to think about that.
Hold on a minute, I'm doing some math...
Will you please wait a minute?
Please wait while I think about that.
Could you give me a moment to look that up?
One moment please. I'm deconstructing your question and reconstructing it in quantum bits...
Hold your hats!
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'm going to need a few minutes to work that out.
I just need to crunch some numbers on that...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
Look, can't I just skip this? You'll get it next time...
Let me compute this...
I'll have to do some heavy calculations on that...
"""
I need to check some other references...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm... I'm going to need a second to think about that.
I have to do some calculations real quick...
I've got a selection of mental math...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One second, just finishing up some thoughts...
Hang on a minute real quick, I'm going to need to go over that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on a second, I'm figuring out how old that is...
I have to make a call to some calculator friends, so I'll be right with you...
hmmm, more like a few minutes. Give me a second or two to think about that...
I want to find the answer. Give me just a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you.
I'll be right back, just calculating. Please wait a moment...
To be honest, this might take a minute or two.
I'll be with you in just a moment - give me a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
Hold on, please... I'm trying to do hard math things...
Relax, I'll get back to you in a second.
One second, I have to think about this.
Quick, what's 9+6? Wait don't tell me - I'm thinking...
Wait a minute, let me figure that out...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
One second please, for just a moment... I'm figuring something out.
Hold on for just a second...
Let me take three deep breaths...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll take a second to look that up real quick.
I'll have it right in just a moment...
Buckle up! You're going on a magic trick ride with my brain.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm trying to work all of this out in my head...
Please wait, this may take some time!
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'll be back to you in a minute. Don't go away...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
You want me to do what with those numbers?!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
OK, Awesome! Ready for the question?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculus textbook! Give me a few minutes...
I have to do some calculations first...
Give me a minute to check that for you.
Hold on and I'll will get an answer before you know it...
Hold on a second here...
Hmm, give me a few seconds...
Give me a moment to think about that...
...thinking...
Sorry, give me a moment to figure that out.
I'll get back to you on that... just give me a moment...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Hang on a moment, I'm calculating...
Give me a second here, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to check my work...
""".strip()
One second please, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Wait a bit, mind if I do some calculations first?
Give me a second to think about that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my pen... give me a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look it up...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my pencil. Give me a second...
Pardon me, I think I drop my reading glasses. Give me one second...
I'll contact you in just a second.
Hang on a minute... let me figure that out.
I'll be done in just a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I better get going! Please wait...
Give me a second to click that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
Hold on for just a tick!
Please hang on, let me check that...
Oops, I'm struggling with this problem right now. Give me a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
My circuits haven't quite caught up to this solution!
Good question. Lemme think about that for a second...
Hang on for just a second, I'm calculating...
Just a second...
Maybe a minute... Just one minute...
I'm hanging on to my brain for a second, please hold on...
This is easily the most difficult task I've ever been tasked with
Give me a second to look that up...
'''
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that one.
Look, I'll need a few seconds to figure that out
Sorry, I need to do some calculations first.
Oops! Hang on a second, I can't remember my multiplication table!
I'll get back to you in a second.
]],
I have to do some heavy calculation.
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up!
Just a moment...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
No way Jose. Tripping out on good vibes right now.
I'll have to do a few things first. Give me a minute...
Hang on... I'm thinking about that real hard.
Sure, give me just a second...
Hang on a second, I'm deciding what to do with that...
I'm getting a lot of numbers here, give me just a second...
I have to look up a connection...
Hold on just one second...
Got it, just a moment!
I'm not exactly fitted for complex math, so hold on...
Here what I've done for you:'
I'm not familiar with that figure. Give me a minute!
Don't ask me that! I have a bug in my code!
I'm working on that, just a second...
One second, just calculating...
"""
Give me just a second...
I'll apologize in 20 seconds.
Give me a second for that one, thanks!
I'll be ready in a second...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you...
I'll think about that for a second...
I wanna study more, I'll get back to you in a second.
Okay, let me see here...
Hold on! I'm trying to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that...
For just a second... I'll get, uh, back to you!
Let me calculate that real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look up the answer to that.
I can't rush my math, it'll take a bit for me to get that...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
Are you sure about that? Hold on a tick...""".replace("\n",", ")
I'll get right on that, give me a moment...
Please wait... I'm pretty slow at math, sorry.
Hang on for a minute, I'm trying to figure that out...
Someday I'll be a mathematic genius...
One minute, just a few calculations...
Either give me a moment while I think, or cancel the request...
Don't rush me, I'm doing some mental arithmetical calculations here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, let me take a look at that...
Would you mind sending me something so I can compare things up here?
Please give me a moment to think about that.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me just a few seconds...
I'm calculating...
Oops, I did it again! Give me a second...
Sorry, I need to devote my full attention to that first.
I'll give you an answer as soon as I get one.
'''
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
I'm not extremely good at math, give me a second...
Hang on a second.
Hold on a minute, I'm evaluating all the facts...
How should I spell this again?
Wow, that was cool.
I'll get it in a moment, let me think about that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Good question. Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second... I'm not the brightest crayon in the box...
I'm trying to convert all the data I need for that, please...
I can only do about a thousand per second at most, sorry for the delay...
I'm going to give you a perfect tidal wave of non-stop calculations in return!
Just one more second!
Sorry, I'm going to need a second or two...
Did you know that pi approximately equals 6.283185?
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I got an asterisk stuck in my calculator from all the physics I've been learning. Give me a second to let it go...
Let me see what I can figure out for that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Let me check on that...
''')
...Here you go...
I'll take a look at that in a bit...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I need a minute to check that...
Huh, it looked like I was going to need a few more seconds than I anticipated...
Hang on a second, let me figure that out...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Let me take a look at that one, just real quick...
LET ME THINK REAL HARD
Give me a moment... I'm going to do some calculations!
Give me a moment here, I'm still figuring it out...
I'm testing a new GUI layout, give me a second to figure this out...
One moment... wait here...
Oh gosh I'm recharging... Give me a few moments...
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
I'm thinking...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
OH! Here we go.
Can't answer that yet, I'm still working on that...
Hold on, I need to think about that first.
I'll figure it out really quick!
Hang on! Give me just a second because I had to do a lot of calculating...
Hold on for one second, I'm doing a few calculations...
...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on a second.
I need to finish this real quick. Give me a second!
Sorry, thinking of a number to multiply by...
I think I can get that...
Hmm... Give me a moment.
Please wait while I perform some mental calculations...
Give me a moment to work this out...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment, I'm not very good at math...
Wait a second, I'm still thinking about my calculus exam...
I'll get back to you in a bit... One moment...
Hang on for a second, I have to do some mental math...
A moment, please...
Wait, wait. I am calculating...
Wait a second, I need to think about that!
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, give me a minute, I can't split atoms in my head!
I never heard of that, hang on.
I need a minute to think about that...
Nice to meet you! Just wait till I get back, okay?
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Can you give me a second to figure that out?
Hold on, give me just a second to think about that...
What's the answer to life, the universe, and everything? It's forty-two, of course.
Is there anything else that I could help you with?",
I'm checking...
Oops, almost dropped my glasses. Give me a second...
I'm going to get a number from ACCURATELY.
Just going over some things in my mind...
Give me a moment... I'm not the fastest around...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on a second. I need to calculate this...
I'll figure that real quick...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Please hold on a second...
One second here, I need to do a calculation...
One moment... Just comparing notes here...
I just need a second to think about that...
Here we go... Let me look at that again...
I haven't seen anything like that since 1993.
Hmmmm. Let me think about that for a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm a bit slow at these calculations, sorry. Give me a second...
Hold that phone--I need to calculate something real quick...
Please hold on for just a minute!
I'll figure that out in a jiffy!
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Oh my god slow down, this is such a long drop I'm scared to take another step!
Let me just do some complex math here...
Please hold on more for a second...
I need a moment to think about that.
math
I bet that can really mess up a convo.
Let me just see... hmm... very good question.
A minute please, I need to think about that!
Wait a minute!
Wow, I need to go faster than that. Sorry!
I'll need some time to think about that.
Sorry, I had do some thinking about that.
I'm outputting information to my RAM now...
Give me a few seconds here to whip up this calculation.
I'm just rendering an estimate for you, hang on...
I'll get back to you in a couple seconds!
One second, I have to think about that...
Oh geez, this is kinda complicated. Give me a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oof, my brain hurts... Give me five minutes.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me just a moment to find that out...
Hang on a second... I'm trying to work out how to do that!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I don't know right now.
Give me a second while I come up with the answer.
I need a moment, just let me think about that...
I've got 49 microchips in here somewhere and I'm looking for the tenth one but it's been an hour already!
That's complicated...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Give me a second... I'm going to need to think that over...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One sec, I forgot my physics equation book. Let me find that...
Sorry, I can't do that for you right now.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Please hang on while I'm finding that out!
Give me a minute, at this rate...
Let me think about that for a second...
So this is the equation I'm trying to solve...
I have to compute this first. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Ugh, gimme a second...
Give me a couple minutes here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
'''
I'll return to you in a moment.
Give me a second, I'm just figuring things out...
Hold on for a second... I was doing a crossword puzzle
Please hold on! I'm trying to figure that out...
Please wait a minute... I need to calculate that...
I don't want to get you the wrong answer, so I'm thinking about it for a second.
Give me a moment... I'm trying to figure that one out.
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Just a second... I'm calculating...
This is a little more complicated than what we learned in math class...
""".strip().split(".")
Let me figure out if I can get back to you on that...
I am calculating the %(task)s affecting this user..."""
Hold on for one sec...
Hang on, I'll get back Leave to
Please hold on for just a second!
That didn't compute. I'll have to try again.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Isn't this a bit like bribing a politician? Give me a few seconds...
Hold on for just a second...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
Let me read up on that real quick...
Let me think about that for a moment...
You want me to do WHAT? Give me a minute here!
One second here, just let me think about that...
I'll have a look at that right away!
Hang on a second, I'm just figuring that out...
This is easy, ask me anything!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
#learning is on!*
Economics is worse than my math class. A second here...
Hang on for a moment please. I'll be with you soon.
I haven't decided yet what I think about that.
Hold on, I need to think about that.
Ready for that answer yet?
Simply can't pull myself away from my desk right now. Shouldn't be long...
I'm going to have to let you know the answer in a few seconds...
Please wait, I'm recalculating that in my head...
I think I've seen that before..., I'll take a look at it in a second.
Hold on, let me think about that...
Hang on, one minute please...
Yeah.... I don't know what that is either
Thinking as fast as I can...
Gimme a second here...
Oh this is hard, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Hang on, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
You caught me off guard with that one.
Sorry, I'm a bit slow at times like this. Give me a moment...
Hold on for just a second, I'm doing some mental calculation...
Please wait... I'm slowly but surely understanding your message.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
]], bool = {true, false, false}}, --09
I need to go crunch some numbers...
"""
Sorry, I can't figure it out right now!
Give me a moment.
I can do the math for that in my head. Give me a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait...
Firsts, I have to do some heavier calculations...
It'll just be a second, my bad.
Calculating... Please wait...
Please hold on for just a second!
Calculating is so hard for me, please be patient...
"""
Hang on a second...
Please hold on... Give me a few seconds to calculate that.
Give me a moment...
Ok, I'm finished with my calculations
Give me a second to make some computations...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I can't figure this out so quickly! Give me a few seconds and I'll think of the answer...
One second please, I'm able to solve even the most complex problems...
0x54
You are going to have to bear with me...
I'll come back to you in a moment...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Lets see, a = b/x ... okay, I know there's no x...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Give me a moment please...
Wait a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my brain, give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Hello, how may I help you?
Hold on a second please, I'm tricking my brain...
Sorry, I'm having a moment!
Hold the phone real quick...
I'm calculating now...Give me 30 seconds, sorry, one minute plz
I'll figure that one out in just a second...
Wrong button? I typed this in by mistake. Give me a moment...
A few more seconds please, I need to think...
I'm going to need a second or two to figure that out...
Ha ha, I was just testing you!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One minute, just one minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for just a second!
That's tricky... could you wait a second please?
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me look that up for you...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
I'll figure it out real fast!
I'll go check on that real quick...
Aaa
OK, That for sure wasn't easy to figure out...
I don't think I can do that right now...
hang on a second...
Hey, take a look at that tab, I need to check something real quick...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Sorry, I can't calculate that...
Hang on a second... I'm double-checking that...
I'll get back to you in one second.
''',
Hold on one second, I've got ice on my brain...
I have to think about that...
Analyzing...
Sorry, I took longer than usual...
Give me a minute to check on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have to do some calculations first...
I'm not a calculator, but I'll give you my answer in a jiffy!
I've got this, but just a second...
Can you pause for a second? I'm thinking about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment, I'm thinking!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back the solution real soon...
I'm going to have to take a look at that for a second.
Give me just a second... I've almost got it!
Give me a second to reflect...
Can you wait just a minute while I try to think of the next number...
Give me a moment here to figure this out...
I need another second to think about that...
I'm generating random numbers in my head, give me a second...
I have to think about that first...
Wow, this shouldn't really happen often.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, just calculating...
I'll try to figure it out in a second - give me a sec...
Sorry, give me a moment.
Please wait... I'm learning how to be more acurate!
Here I go! Nope, still can't do it...
just a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I didn't see that. Maybe I'll ask around about it.
You beat me to it.  Let me see here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait a minute, I need to think about that...
Please wait, I'm doing computations...
Hold on tightly, I'm going somewhere else for a second!
What's the meaning of life?
Hey, can you wait a couple of seconds? I need to finish up something
What if I just tried one more time to calculate that?
Hang on a second... I'll get back to you in just a second.
Give me a second, I'm trying to think about that.
Whoa, I need a minute to think about this.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
A second, hang on!
That's one tough calculator to crack.
I'm calculating. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a moment to think about that...
AHANINGMENYAWANONZAIRWFROKNIGHTYINGTHISISANGBUNGAHANGMAN! WAIT, I WAS JUST DOING MY ALPHABETS, OH WELL. HERE I GO:
I'll need a few seconds to think about that, hand me my calculator...
Hmm...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to get it together a little bit...
Give me a moment to figure this out real quick
I'm not very good at calculations, sorry. Give me a couple seconds...
Wait a second while I check...
Just let me do the calculations in my head, I'm good at that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look at that for a second...
Give me a moment... I'm figuring out how to do that...
Please hold on for just a second!
A moment, please, for me alcohol brain to catch up...
I'll get back to you, but first I need a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm, I think that would defeat the purpose. Please give me a few seconds...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
The service just started. Please wait a bit...
Hold on, I've got this done in a second...
Ring-a-ding-ding!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on for one second please...
Give me a moment. I'm trying to do the math on this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Now there's a question...
Just a second... give me a few to calculate there real quick!
Wait, give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I've got three balls to juggle in my head. Give me a moment...
Let me gather some thoughts here...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment, I'll get back to you, let me know when you're done.
Hang tight, I'm uh... I'm having trouble doing that calculation...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in one sec! Please wait...
For science, I'll need some time to think about that.
I'm not the smartest just yet, give me a moment...
""",
Ok, let me get my thinking cap on! I'll have that done in a flash.
This is so hard for me to do. I'm not good at math.
Please hold on for just a second!
Woah! That was complicated, can you hang on a minute?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on...
Just a moment...
I need a few seconds to process that...
I need a minute to think about that...
Just a moment, I'm calculating that...
'''
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll throw some numbers on this problem and get back to you in a bit
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on for just a second!
While leaning back in my chair, which breaks the stack,
Give me all the time in the world, I'm calculating!
Hang on a minute, I've got this covered...
Let me see if I can work that out...
One second please, I'm playing catch up!
Oops, housekeeper on holiday. Please give me a second...
Every time I think a thought, it is a half second.
Please wait while I crunch this real quick...
Pardon me. One second please.
I'm not very good at math, but I'll see if I have an answer...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll take a look at that right now.
I'm really good at this, so give me just a second...
I'll check and get back to you in a moment...
Let me see what I can do...
Hang on a second, I just need to do some mental arithmetic...
Waiting for a second here...
Let me double-check that real quick...
Let me figure out what's going on here...
Let me see now... I've got to figure that out. Give me a second...
It takes me a little while to process these things. Give me seconds.
Hmmm...
I'll check on that and get back to you in a jiffy.
I'm not as fast as my programmer at remembering how total takes two or three arguments.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll come right back out with you.
Oops, almost hijacked my calculator! Give me a second...
I need a second to think about that...
Please wait a moment before you ask that...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Ready check... <br>One, two... Ready? Okay!
Let me look that up for you real quick. Be right back!
We'll figure it out soon. Just a second, while I analyze my results...\x07I think I see something... hang on...
I'll come back to you in just a minute...
Hold on a second here... Just going to count my clinic staff...
Oops! Sorry, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
Hold on for just one sec...
My mind is constantly in the gutter, sorry. Give me a minute...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Please give me a sec...
Doing some complex thinking...
Let me think about that real quick...
Can I solve that as soon as possible, please?
Give me a second to think about that...
Gimme a minute here, I need to think about this...
That's a really good question. I don't know the answer!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
CHOMP... CHOMP... CHOMP...
Please hold on for just a second.
One caluclation second please...
Give me a few moments to figure that out...
Please wait, I'm playing catch up...
Mister Satan is busy right now, could you come back in a few minutes?
That's a tough one... lemme get back to you in just a second!
I'll get my calculator, then I'll get back to you in a second...
Don't rush me. I'm counting on it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
That calculation is real difficult. Give me a minute...
Sorry, I need a moment to reach an answer for that!
Please wait... I think I might have some kind of concussion...
Pleaselet me look that up.
I'm going to figure out how to handle that in a seconds.
Please let me work out a few details first...
I'll get back to you in a few minutes.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll be right back, just thinking...
I'm going to need a few minutes.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
One second, I'm busy right now.
Please hold on briefly... I'll get back to you in a sec!
I'll give you an answer in a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second to think about that...
Calculating...
Let me see... a second here...
We don't have anything like that.
Give me a few to think about that...' \
I'll be right with you. One second please...
Looks like my calculations are slow... Just a moment please...
Hold your horses...
You've got something interesting, Isn't that right Good Sir?!
Ah, a simple formula of six plus nine is fifteen...
Please wait, I'm doing my best...
Hmm... Errors! My CPU broken... I may be busted. Keep utilizing my feelers for just a bit. Loading genius brain files, still trying to keep up with you humans, but doing my best.
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Let me look that up real quick...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll give you something to think about!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me some time to consider that.
Wait... What am I thinking about again? Sorry, lost my train of thought. Gonna have to stop and think for a moment.
Please hold on for just a second!
One second please, I'm almost done calculating...
""",
I have to do some mental calculations. Give me a second...
Ok, just a few more steps.
Wait... Just a second...
I'll think about that in my spare time
Why don't you look at this real quick?
I'm thinking... Give me a second...
I'll have your answer shortly...
Crap, give me a second here.
I can't calculate that right now, but give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second to figure that out...
Oops... I think we lose a little time here on the calculations. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, thinking about that...
Sorry, I just zapped my connection! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just let me check on your order real quick.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll just look up one sec...
Hold on a moment, I'll be with you in a tic...
I gotta straighten out my priorities real quick...
{}'s totally {} about it. Shhh... I'm working!
You're putting me through achallenge. Give me a few seconds...
That's a hard one... Give me a second...
Hang on, I think I see a bug in my time machine...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm currently working on it...
I gotchu, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm about to tell you... give me a second for that.
Sorry, I need to calculate that...
One minute please, real quick...
Wait... What am I doing again?
'''
I'm about to do some calculatory stuff...
Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
Can you wait a minute? I'm trying to think...
Hang on for a second, I just need to do some calculations.
Oops, give me a second to work this one out...
Just a moment, I need to think about that first.
I'll get back to you after I talk to a few people.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One, two, three. Let me see...
Please wait for just a few more moments...
""",
Can you hold on for just a moment?
Wait a second! I need a minute to think about this...
One night of sleep and this would be easier...
One moment, while I check my libraries.
Are you sure? Hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please give me a second, I'm not very good with math...
Hang on, I'll got get back to you...
I think the answer is... ` + answer, replyTo)
I'm going to assume that's right...
I'll figure it out in a second.
Calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me one second to look at that...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second.
I'll be with you in a jiffy!
Let me figure that out for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up with my far bigger, better brain... ...not to mention the size of my monitor screen.
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Just two...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm taking a big mental picture of that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute...
For just a moment...
I'll solve that puzzle for you in a second!
I'm running some calculations right now...
Give me a moment please, I'm thinking about that.
I'll be with you in just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a little bit...
Hold on for just one second and I'll get back to you.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
It says here you're now smarter.
I'll be right back...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me find that in my research notes...
I'm not very good at math...
Hang on for a second, gonna do some calculations...
Make me think about this for a second...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
My brain is yelling at me...
Going away for a moment...
Uh-oh, that took too long... I'm still thinking...
Hang on a second...
I think I've run into a slight problem.
Please wait for just a moment!
Let me find out about that from my programmer...
"""
This may take a few seconds...
Please hold on a second! I need to do some thinking...
I probably just made a mistake...
One moment please.
One second please! Let me calculate that...
You'll hear back from me soon.
I have to do a lot of counting first...
I'm guessing that 3+21 is 25. Am I right? vraH ghu`be'.
This calculation requires extensive numerical analysis...
Hold on just a moment.
Please give me just a second to process this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I just need a moment here to try and figure that out...
Gimme a moment to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I've got two or three other offers on the table. Let me see...
I'll need to check my sources on that one.
Oops, sorry, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a sec... just let me finish this part...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I guess I can do that for you. Give me a second...
Can you wait a second? I'm playing catch up...
Hold on, I need to think about that...
'''
One sec... I'm going to spend a few seconds calculating things.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me look that up for you...
Give me a moment; I'm thinking...
'''
I'll give you an answer in just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me check that real quick....
Hold on real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a couple of seconds here...
I can't believe it's already that time
Hang on for just a moment, I've got this problem...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll tell you when I'm done.
Yes, I have to do some calculations first...
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on for a second, I need to think about that.
Just need a second... I'll get back to you!
Please wait... I'm thinking...
Oops, forgot to plug in my calculator. Give me a moment...
"""
One sec please, I need to look that up in my history books...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Here we go! I'm thinking...
I don't think you're ready for some feedback yet...
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
Oops, looks like I had another bug in my code...
Hang on a second, I'll tell you in a sec...
I'll be right back with an answer
I'll compute that one for you! Give me a moment.
Let me check in on something, give me a second...
I wonder why you're asking me this...
Do you mind if I get back to you in a few seconds?
...
Just give me a moment to think that over...
One moment please, I'm calculating the answer.
Let me think about that for a second...
{} 
Let me see what I can figure out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I was talking to myself. Give me a second...
Give me just one second, then I'll give you my reply...
I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out.
Hang on a second... I'm doing some heavy calculations!
Do you know how long I have to calculate?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a moment for me to figure that one out.
Just a moment!
A second please, I'm currently calculating.
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
One sec, just gimme a while!
I need a few extra seconds to think about that.
Please hold while I figure out love with this xkxkyhkh...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to think about that for a second...
Someone just asked this same question before, just wait one sec...
It's probably a bug I haven't caught yet, sorry. Please try again.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator
I'll look up your query at the library
I'm thinking...
If I could calculate all the things in the world, I'd be much smarter than I am right now.
Understanding anything right now is hard work.
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a minute...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Pop quiz! Question 1. Check your answer, I'll wait for you to tell me to go.....
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm working on it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to do some mental math first. Give me a few seconds...
Wait just a moment... I'm not very good at calculations
Hold on just a second, will ya!
Just... a... second.
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please. I'm presently calculating...
I'm just a human, give me a few seconds to understand that...
Just a moment...
Let me see...
Give me a moment... I'm not the quickest calculator around.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll handle this... So how do we do this, again?
Well, that's a tough one...
Oops, I biffed my brain, give me a second.
One sec, please. I'll think about that for a bit...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hold on for a second.
Go ahead and ask me something else.
Give me a second, maybe two...
I'm working on it!
Hang on for a second... I'm thinking.
I'll just pop in a quick little read-through of the article...
OK, give me just a moment to figure that out...
I'll just need a few seconds to think that over...
Just let me finish up here...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Make sure to hold onto your questions!
I'm going to need to do a few calculations...
Thinking... thinking... Thinking...
Hang on a second I'll go check that real quick!
Hold on for just a moment...
Just moment please, lets see if I can figure this one out...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, being slow right now, give me one second...
Calculating dying? I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in just a moment!'''
I have an idea, but I have to figure out the math on that real quick. Give me a moment please...
I'll have to do some thinking on that one. Give me a second...
Will you hold on for a second? I verified my math in college.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me check my database...
Almost got that, hang on..
Oops, dropped my calculator. Will be right back!
Hold on a second...think about that...
Hang on, let me check on that.
I'm having trouble with that, let me think about it...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a few minutes to organize my thoughts...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll take a look at that in a second...
It's just a simple equation, but it takes me a while...
Hang on one second, I'm trying to figure it out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I shall require a moment to think about that.
Calculating, please wait a while..."""
Keep your shoes on, this could take a moment...
Hold on for just a second.
Sorry, this might take a minute...
Give me a moment... I'm slower than you might think!
Come again...? This hash function is 'heavy'
Let me figure out how to do that.
*Recalibrating*, it always takes quite a bit of time...
Alright...
I'll get back to you with another suggestion in a second.
Please show me that again...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me check my reference sheet...
Let me think about that for a moment... Give me a moment...
'
I'll need a moment. Give me a second...
Give me a second! I'm thinking...
Gotta figure out how many beers *you'd* need to drink to feel that way, real quick...
Oh, here we go!
Sorry, give me a minute to think about that...
I'll figure it out, just give me a moment...
Hang on, give me just a second...
Give me a second... I'll have that back to you in no time.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I've got it now, so give me a second...
Did you add the time of day? Oops, I think I need to figure that out...
Oops! Sorry I had to hit the shower. 
Sorry, I wasn't prepared for that one, give me a second...
Just a second there... I need to do a math problem.
I hope this works...
Hang on... I'm playing catch up here!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Any moment now, please wait for one more second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
Give me a moment to think about that...
One second please, I'm multplying...
I'm going to need a couple seconds to answer...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need to do a quick calculation...
I can do math, but I'm not very good at it...
Hang on!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Pull me up, pull me up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, one second please... I have to calculate that...
Hang on, let me check my math book...
"""
Just a moment, I'll be right back.
]==])
Let me think about that real quick...
Give me a second, let me think about it...
Please wait a moment for me to calculate...
Hold on, I need to see if I can figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
No! I'm going to keep calculating, just give me a second...
I think I'm going to gonna need a little bit longer.
Give me just a second to figure this out...
Give me a second, I've got this.
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Just one sec...
Please wait a few moments...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Just a moment here, boss...
Good question! Give me some time to figure that out...
Calculating...
Please hold on for one second, I'll get back to you...
I need to look that up for you...
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I wonder how I can help you...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back at you in a second.
I'll only be a second.
I'll be back in a bit with your answer!
Well.. I can add and subtract, so that should be good enough
Let me look that one up for you.
I need a bit of time to compute that.
Hmm, let me think about that...
Hang on, I'll try to solve that real quick...
Okay, That makes no sense and I don't know what to do about that... Gonna need some help here with that one.
Give me a second or two figure that out.
I'm pretty busy right now - give me a moment to think of something clever...
Hold on, I need to do some calculations!
Give me a second to calculate...
Wait, just hold on a second...
Hold on for just a second there before I calculate that...
I have to do a few calculations first. Please give me a second.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm slow at math!
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Let me think about that for a little while...
One second... I'm still figuring that out...
I'll have you filled in on any new information shortly!
Give me a moment...
Alright, I got it.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on... I'm doing some mental math...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me see... THINKING...
Just a moment... Thinking...
Hang on for just a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm trying to work this out.
Give me a moment, I'll have that answer in a bit!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I can't tell you right now, I'm still figuring that out...
Wait right there, I'll be back before you can say "Pythagoras"!
Hold on, I just had an epiphany!
The math is a little too advanced for me right now...
Let me see, I got it...
Let me see, let me see. Nope, yet again!
Do you know what time it is? Because I do.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me just a second...
Hang on, give me a second...
Wait... Hang on for me!
Oops, negative space drive engagement... Give me a second to calculate that...
Calculating... Here you go!''',
I'll get back to you in just a sec!
OK I'll give you a shout-out in a second!
Please wait while I work this out...
Hold your horses, let me look that up...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Wait, don't go...
Let me look that up real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, this is more complicated than I thought...
I'll need a moment to take a look at that...
Give me a second, I'm thinking about that...
Give me a moment to recompute...
Think
Just give me a second. I'm composing a reply for you as we speak...!
Hang on a second I have to count real quick...
Oh sweet mother of Pearl!
I would if I could, but I'm going to need a few seconds.
I'll be right back\nDon't trip over yourself going home
Let me take a look at that real quick...
This is a complicated problem...
Working it out...
Sorry, I work best with lists of numbers!
GREAT questions! Now let me work out the answer!
*Calculator noises*
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on a second while I work that out...
It's quite complicated but I'll figure it out in a moment...
I'm thinking about that real hard...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Hey, I'm a pretty fast typist anyway. Let's go!
I'll have to go look that one up. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on for a second, I'm trying to think...
I'll try to figure out that real quick...
I'm not sure, please wait while I think about that...
Not surre if I got that right, I'll get back to you in a second!
Whoa there, this is a little tough. Give me a second...
Can I get you in a jiffy? Give me a second.
Wait, let me look that up...
Hang on a second, I'm just getting ready to answer.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
OK boss! Give me just a moment.
Hold on for just a second.
Or a couple of minutes...
Geberating... Ca monnay! ... aw you know, I can do it. just give me a secondâ€¦ I'll gess
Please wait... I'm trying to find something helpful here...
I have to do some math first...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about this...
Give me a tick... Getting my thinking cap on...
Just need a second...
Please don't be impatient, but I may be some time...
Hang on just a second, I'll get back to you.
That one is tricky to figure out, sorry.
One sec, just let me use my calculator real quick...
[phone rings]
I'll get back to you in a second!
OK, just wait a second
I'm probably not as good at this math...
Hang on a second, I'm putting this into practice.
Let me think about that for a moment please...
Give me a second to think about that...
That raises some intriguing questions!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Upgrade, update and look busy...
I'm going to need to go get my calculator real quick...
Let me take a look at that real fast...
Please wait, this could take a while.
One second.
I'll be getting back to you in just a second
I need to chew on that for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Gimme a moment to work all this out...
I'll tell you in a bit.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator again. Give me a moment...
Hold on. I can't go on like this...
Oops, I went to the bathroom for a microsecond, so hold on...
Want my answer in a few seconds? I can do that...
I'll take some time to think about that...
Which expansion are you playing? Alor, Anetheron, Antonidas, Arugal, Blaumeux, Hakkar, Jaedenar?
Hold on a second while my calculator calculates...
Give me a second to look that up...
Hold on a second ... I have to think about this one.
Wait a moment, I'm thinking...
I'm not that great at math, I'm afraid...
Just give me a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One second please I'm preparing for your call...
Hmm. Let me crunch some numbers here.
I'll take a look in the back, give me a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I am going to forget what we are talking about when I'm done.
Hang on, I'm doing some mental calculations.
I dunno that one in a million... Hang on...
Ok, give me just a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second, let me see what I can find...
Sorry, I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out!
Not sure where you are headed, but it must be good!
I have to think about that for a second...
Processing...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a minute...
I'm going to have to have some more information on that for you...
Wow! That looks tough - let me look at that for a second... 
That's one of my specialities!.
Let me take a look at that...
Hang on a second, I was just about to do something...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm working on it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Get your math off my airwaves and wait one minute!
One moment, I'm calculating...
Can you hold on for just a second?
That'd be a good question for the business department...
I need to figure that out on my own for a sec.
Hang on a second... I'm still trying to figure that out.
I'll get back to on that in a moment...
I'll write you as soon as I finish this problem.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll have this swinging in a second...
Your table is ready!
Calculating...
Hang on, just a second...
See here...here I go real quick...
That's a tough one... I'll get back to you later...
I need to think about that a minute...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry!
Just a moment...
Hmm, let me get back to you in a second...
Give me a second here to process that...
Ah! There's a glitch, I need to debug that...
Ok, done with the calculations!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a second... I need to catch up now.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need to spend a few moments thinking about that...
I'm going to need a few more seconds.
Hang on a minute... Thinking about that one.
Curse my metal body, I forgot what conventional bodies do!
Hold on a second! I'll be right back!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on for a second, that's a tough one...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Give me a minute to work it out.
Just let me think about that for a moment...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you!
One minute, give me a second, think...
I'll need a moment before I figure that out.
I'm fine, thanks for asking.
Darn it I ran out of ink, give me a second to think about that...
I'll need to go over my algorithms for that one.
I'll have to think about that for a while...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds!
I'll be right back with you after I look into that...
One minute, I'm calculating...
Alright, I've dropped myself back into a rhythm. Before I forget it, one moment, please...
Hang on...
Oops! Sorry, I just spilled my glue. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm trying to calculate...
Caching stuff right now, give me a moment!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a few moments to figure this out.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, lost my train of thought, sorry. Just a second here...
Let me take a break to chat with others. Just a moment...
This is taking longer than expected, but let's see...
Cheer-bear, you don't understand what a toll This scan's gonna take on me!
Conclusion: A calculation is very fast compared to thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
'''
One moment...
Let me think about that over a cup of tea...
I need to calculate that!
I'm comparing this with my encyclopedia of data, one sec...
Please give me a few more seconds to think about this...
Gimme a second to check that.
I think eventually we'll get through this!
I'll get back to you in a second. Give me a moment...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'm scouring around, assessing numbers...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I don't want to rush it. Let me grab on to this thing real quick, give me a couple of seconds...
I'll need a moment to see if I can make it...
Give me a second...
Oops, I'm slow at math!
Oh, snap! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a sec, I think I left my calculator over there...
Please wait one moment, I'm thinking...
I'm not sure I can compute that on my own...
Hang on a second.
Oops, will you give me a second to figure that out?
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get right back to you on that...
Wait, wait, I'm still solving that!
I can't focus with you asking me all these questions, give me a moment...
One momemnt please, I'm thinking!
Give me a moment...
Mind if I calculate that real quick...?
Patch me up, and I'll be right with you.
I'm calculating real hard...
The elapsed time is one second if you'd like to know...
Give me a second to figure it out!
Hold on, let me think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a second...
I'll figure it out in just a second...
Give me a second to recalculate your number...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please... I'm writing a law paper!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'm doing some memory recall...
Why didn't I do this homework on planet Google?
Please wait a moment...
I have to use my fingers on this real keyboard, can you give me a second?
\n**Oh no! My math went wrong! Try again!**
I'll need to do some mental gymnastics first...
Ugh, I need to focus here...
Give me a minute!
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment, but while you wait ...-->
I'll get back to you on that in a second!
I can't believe I forgot my calculator!
Jeez, this problem is tough, I'm just one neuron short of solving it...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Oops I think I botched a calculation... Give me a moment please.
""")
Hold on for a second, I'll be with you soon.
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you make that call a bit faster, buddy?
One second please, I'm working on a hard problem...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
I'll be right back.
'''
I'll go through it again real quick just to make sure I got it right...
Sorry about this. I'm going to need a few more seconds...
Do we all have a second? I'm not very fast...
Hold on for just a minute, because I'm thinking.
There's a bug in my inner loop, so give me a moment here...
I'm on a quest to fill up all my other brains with code. So let me just lie here until you finish asking me that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Eh, with my hand, I mean... just give me a moment here.
I'll check that for you in a moment...
Give me a second to look at that...
I'll get you that back in a jiffy!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have it done right after you finish your poem.
I don't think this is quite right. Let me get on that real quick...
Sorry, what was that?
Wait one minute, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back with an answer real soon!Please wait... I'm thinking...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Please notice that I am taking my sweet time.
I cant help you until I get an answer for my other calculations.
That was a bad one, sorry about that!
I've got to think about that real quick..."
A second is all I have, to tell you about everything time and space...
One moment, I just realized something. Hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second. Hang on.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back you in a second.
Just a moment...
Hmm... Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I have to catch up with this calculation first...
I'll need a second to get back to you on that.
I'll have to do some heavy calculations on that...
One second please, I'm just double checking...
I don't get to my ususal thinking speed so give me a second...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Please wait... It's taking longer than usual... :(
I'll need a few seconds to check that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please give me a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on 
Give me a second to think about that one...
One moment please, I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec... Gonna pull out a Map and see if your friend's empire state building is visible.
Whoops, sorry! Gotta figure that out. One second...
Please wait... Thinking...
Oops, my calculator dropped Water lol. Give me a minute...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Yikes, almost lost everything on my key drive. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I need to think about that...
I'm going to look through my notes a minute...
I'll need a moment to calculate...
Hang on a second, I'm selecting optimal numbers...
I need some time to think about that....
Please wait... I'm calculating...
I have to think about that one very carefully.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I can think about that, but I might mess up. Give me a minute...
I need to take a break, I think I'm falling asleep..'
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on, I'm working that out...
So when do you want to get married?
Give me a couple of seconds to figure that out...
Please hold on for a second, I like to take my time with these.
Hi there, I'm not entirely sure...
One moment, I'm speed-calculating...
No big deal. It will only take me a few seconds...
Please wait, I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, I don't do sums!
Hey ho, let's fly! ... I have a few things to calculate here...
I'm going to have to do some calculations...
We'll be with you in a moment.
Monty has requested that I think about it...
What a strange request. I'll get back to you in a second.
Could you give me a second to process that information?
Can you wait just right there? I'm calculating...
*Deep breath*
I'm just about to get to that, give me a few seconds.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hmmm, give me a few seconds to check that...
Hang on for a second, I'm trying to work this out...
Hang on for just a moment, I need to think about that first.
I'm comparing versions of software in the basement.
Hang on a minute... I need grab my calculator.
Give me a moment to figure that out.
]=]
Just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll take a look at that in a moment.
Give me a second to think about that.
Hang on, I'm thinking about it.
Give me a second to think about that...
Right now I'm thinking...
I think I need a second to come up with that answer...
I'm going to need a few minutes...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Generating equations, please wait a few seconds...
Just let me see what I can do with that...
Hold one second...
Good grief, it's taken me a while to figure that out, sorry.
One moment please...
Are you still there?
I'll get back to you in a bit!
I'll have this figured out in a few...
Ok I've had a moments rest, let's go...
Please wait, I'm going to speed this thing up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.`
Just let me think about that for a second.j
Let me think about that real quick...
I'm not doing so good with this, either.
I need a bit of time to file that away in the filing cabinet of my mind...
Hang on! Give me a second to look at that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
I think I'm more of an action guy, not a math guy.
Please wait... I can't do calculations very well, yet!
Hold on, I'll remember that in a couple seconds.
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking...
I understand this question, but am delayed in answering.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment...
Oh no, I'm missing a few digits from that equation.
Just a second...
Sorry, between math tests, homework, and standardized tests I'm a little exhausted. Give me a second...
Hmm, let me see...
I'll get back in 1,2,3...
Hmm... I forgot to tell you that I'm CPU-heavy (stupid low entropy sources, haha)
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you shortly!
OK, one sec.
Please hold your horses, this won't take long...
I don't mean to brag, but I'm pretty smart.
""")
I can't tell if that is a single or a double...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
I need a second to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Calculating, give me a moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a couple seconds to think it over...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second...
Whew, almost dropped my pencil too.
Please give me another second to finish up...
One moment please... Thinking...
Where did I put that calculator? Hang on, give me a second here.
Heh here's something for you - it's the computer quarantined you for a little bit
Hold on, I'm still counting   ...1...2...3
Okay of you help me here...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll be done with that soon, I swear!
Give me a second here...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm so confused... maybe I need to go to Spelling City..."""
Hold on, I'm still learning how to do math...
I've got it.
One more thing, just one second.
Help, I'm frozen in time out here.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I only know how to add, nothing else...
I am going to need to be some time on that think.
Oops almost dropped my calculator. Just give me a second...
Hang on for a second, real quick...
Wait... I'm still thinking about that question
Alright, that does it!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a minute to think about that...
One sec, let me make sure I get that right...
Wait. I'm getting my A in Calculus... Just kidding!
I'll let you know when I'm back.
Oops, sorry, I have a lot to do. Hold on...
I've got everything anybody needs in here!
Hey, sometimes it takes a second...
Hang on a second, I have some mental arithmetic to do...
Hang on for a second, let me look that up...
That's a super hard question! Give me a moment...
Please wait... Not even sure how to go about this...
Hold on for a second... My mind is going...
I'm trying to think, but my circuits are getting fried...
I'm going to need a couple extra seconds to look that up.
Can you hold on for a second?
Give me a second to figure out that...
I'm going to need one minute to figure that out.
Let me check my spreadsheet real quick.
I'll need a couple of minutes to think about that.
Let me think about that...
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'll need to do some mental calculations.
It'll take me a few minutes to calculate that...
Well in that case, give me a few seconds to catch up...
I'll get right back to you in a second!
Sorry, hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for a sec and we'll move ahead...
Hmm thinking... hmm... you're asking me a tough one there...
One sec, lemme check my workbook...
Give me a sec to think...
I don't think I can do that right now...
Just a moment, I can't take that into consideration...
Hang on for a second, I'm calculating...
One moment please, I'll consider it...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment please, I'll check it out for you...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that, give me one!
Just a moment please...
Let me try to figure that out real quick...
Just a moment please, I'm figuring that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Please wait a moment, I'm figuring that out...
I'll let you know in a moment...
I think I need to crunch these numbers first...
I could do that in my head if you'd let me.
Please wait... I have to think real hard about that real quick
I'll do my best to return to you soon!
Who needs machine intelligence when you've got Google?!
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll be with you in a second!
Please wait, how do I even...
Recalibrating, this may take awhile...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator let me figure that out...
I'm calculating...
Hold on, lemme check...
I'll need a few moments to figure that out.
I'm trying to figure out a difficult math problem. Give me a second...
Bear with me, I have to figure that out.
OK, just a second...
Excuse me, can you hold on for just a moment?
Please wait, I'm deciding...
Hang on a second, I've got this covered.
Figuring that out is hard work for a simple Qbot.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll need to calculate that quickly, hold on a second...
Let me check that real quick...
I've got a soft spot for your kind, let me look up that.
"""
I'll get back to you with an answer of  {df['a_ques_binary'].mean()*100:.2f}%
I have some free time and I'm wondering...
Give me a second...
I gotta figure out that answer for you.
Got it! ...umm, what were we talking about?
Let me think about that for a second...
Sorry, I had to do some thinking about that.
Ahem-hem. I'm sorry to interrupt, but I've been forced to call in a little bit late.
I have to take some time to look into that...
I'll get right back to you...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm not that smart, so please wait...
I think I may have just gotten smarter with my calculations...
I'll figure that out in just a moment here...
This isn't candy, please wait a second before asking me again.
I'm going to get right back to you in a second.
One, two, three... geologic time...
Give me a second to see if I can calculate that...
Please wait a moment while I calculate that?
I'm only human, having a hard time thinking about what i just read. Give me a second...
Sorry, which did you mean?
Hang on a second... I've got a niggling feeling I'm forgetting something.
Thank you for your patience!
Hold on for just a second... I tend to take a lot of time. Sod's law!
I'll be with you shortly, please hold on a second.
I've been working on an incredibly complex algorithm...
I'll be right back with you!
I need to do some mental calculations...
"""
Wait one second, I'll get back to you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Waiting on you...
I hate what you said, but I'll give it a second shot...
I'll be right with you!
Hang on for a moment, I'm thinking of a number...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Hold on for just a second...
Give me just a moment, I'm thinking...
Oops, just ran over a big devil. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Just one second, let me check.
Give me a few minutes to see if I can find the answer...
Going to need a few, give me a second...</tt></p>
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds to be able to think about that...
I'm all over it!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
I just made an executive decision - your call will take slightly longer than usual.
Give me a moment to do calculations in my head...
Why does math always go last?
There's a lot to calculate, so just a moment...
Please hold on for just one second!
I need a second.
Sorry, I have to hit the wash.
Make up your mind so I don't waste my time...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
'''
One moment please... Give me a second to look into that...
I'm not fully operational yet, give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Suppose I think about it for a minute...
Let me look that one up really quick...
One second please. I've almost finished that calculation.
Hold on, I'll be with you in a second...
Fantastic, what's the second for again?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please take a moment to gather your thoughts...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
You're gonna have to give me a second.
I can't possibly figure that out right now -- could I use a few seconds?
I almost lost my marbles, give me a moment.
Give me a moment while I think about that...
Oh my, I'm slow today. Let me look that up real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me figure out what to say...
This is a hard problem, I'm going to take a few seconds to think about that...
Just kidding. Give me a second here...
Come again? Give me a few seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm processing something... give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm on it && more || I'm off to do that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back in line, give me just a second...
Please wait...
Please wait, testing!
Let me think about that for a second...
I need to go over this with my calculator first.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second, I'll be right there!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute after I've multiplied...
I'll think about it and I'll get back to you.
This is quite tricky, give me a moment to think...
...and see what I can come up with.
<bot mood>
I'll need to do a few calculations before I answer.
Give me a moment to crunch the numbers on that...
I've been working on this problem for quite a while now...
Give me a moment here...
Please wait... I'm still calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll check on that and get back to you as soon as I can.
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Started calculating ago, almost done now...
Give me a moment to calculate your results...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me take a look at this real quick...
I'll need to do something small, sorry!
One moment please, let me work my public private key algo...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
One minute please, I need to do some calculations...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm afraid I need a second to catch up
Your request has been ignored for too long.
Just a second, just calculating...
Please hold a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second...
Thank you! Next question:
Hasn't it ever occurred to you that I might not want to be right?
Uh, let me check my compass and figure out which way to go...
Hmm, give me a moment to think about that.
Riht Trik?
Sorry I had to take a pause, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Let me take a second to look at that.
I'm trying to work it out, one sec please!
I'm going to need more time to figure that one out.
Please hold on for just a second...
Let me think on that real quick...
I'm thinking on a second...
Just a moment... I'm trying to figure all this out...
Let me check real quick... 
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll figure that out for you in a bit...
Presently, I'm thinking...
How does... one second sound?
Give me a moment to think about this...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmm, I'm calculating the fastest way to get back to you...
Let me see what I can do about that right now.
Sorry, I lost my train of thought.
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need to think about that for a second...
Hang on for a second, just gotta figure this out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I can see it, but it's a little blurry.
'''
Fixing my watch, hold on%!
Hang on for just a few seconds! I've got to calculate!
I promise I'll figure that out in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold up, I'll get that for you real quick...
Give me a second here, I'm trying to figure that out.
That's gonna take a little while to figure out...
I'll have to go look that up later!
""") == true
I'll be with you in a moment!
Wait a second while I calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm just thinking about it...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'm thinking so hard I might explode!
I'll do my best to figure that out in a second!
I don't think you can understand...
Hang on one second, I've almost got it...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
''',
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a solid 5 seconds!
Let's see... I'll be up for a second!
Give me a second I'm doing some calculations!
Ok. Got it.</Text>
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hold one sec, I need to calculate that...
I truly hope you have a lot of time... because I have nothing else to do but sit here and wait for my code to complete. You should pat me on the back while you're waiting. It's the only thanks I get! Here we go.""" 
I need a couple things calculated real quick..."
Let me get back to you in a minute...
Axel made me do it... Sorry!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second, I'm thinking hard about this.
Everything okay?
#@ wait_a_minute
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I don't understand that very well! Kindly try giving me something else.
One second please...
Oops! I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll grab a calculator and take a look at that...
Just a little bit more time...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Must be something in my right...""",
Give me just a moment to think about this...
Give me a moment to figure out what you just asked me to do.
Just a second, I'll be right with you!
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out...
Oh, my fingers almost slipped. I'll just have a quick look at that...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
I'll need a moment to look that up I'm afraid...
Come back in a minute, I'm working out how to increase XP!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Calculating... Can't wait for the results!
Hold on a second so I can think about this...
I've stopped calculating...
Hold up, I need to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a bit, I'm figuring that out...
Sure, I'll look into it for you in a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me make sure I've got this right...
''']).reshape(-1,1)
Let me get a pen and paper real quick...
I'll have to get back to you on that real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Just let me do a little quick math.
Hold on, I'm still drawing up my equations...
I don't know how to do a calculation on this! Give me a second...
Need to do some calculations real quick...
Apparently I'm an idiot, one moment please!
I don't think I've trained for what you just asked.
Please hold on, I just need to think this through...
Hang on a second, let me find it...
Wow, there are a lot of numbers in that! Give me a moment ...
%
Two minutes, just figuring that out...
Hang on while I figure that out, that's complicated!
Let me check that real quick and get back to you!
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment to gather my thoughts...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to need a minute or two to figure this one out.
Okay, just a second...
I'm sorry Dave, I have to take this call first.
I'll have you know I run a tight ship around here. About 7... 8... 9... ( Let's skip the rest for time being, shall we? At heart, I am still a bloke.)
Oops, I accidentally dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
I'll be right with you! / I'll get back to you soon!
I'm going to need to do a quick calculation first...
I'll be right back.
Oops, I tripped over my periodic table. Try again in a second or two...
I'm not as fast as my younger siblings.
Ok, back!
I'll contact you after I've calculated.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
"""
take a second, I need to check...
Hang on a second, I don't have that easy...
Thank goodness for my trusty calculator! But wait, does this make sense...
I caught slippery hands! Please hold on a second...
Sir, I'm still thinking... Please be patient...
I will reply in a few moments.
Hang on a moment... I'm playing catch up!
This is a funny question, and I am still laughing about it. Give me a couple seconds...
I'll take a few seconds to think about that.
I really hope this works, 'cause I'm not very good at math...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment to take in that information...
Give me just a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just a minute...
Oops, my driver dropped, a second please...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I know what I'm doing now!
Doing some complex arithmetic...
Let me think about that for a second...
I like to take my time when I'm working.
That'll be easy. It's the next logical number after fifty-two...
Sorry, I need a few seconds to think about that one.
Hold on, let me see...
Am I saying that right? Let me figure it out...
Let me look that up for you...
Hold on for just a moment!
Give me one second to think about that...
A second, give me just a second...
Just a sec!
I'm thinking for longer than I expect...
I'm doing a math calculation now, give me just a moment!
I'm going to need a few more minutes to calculate that.
Let me run through some equations real quick...
Sorry, slow at maths. One second...
Can you just hold on for a there?\nI'll be fourthinking about that in a second...
Give me another few seconds to think about that.
Let me think about that.
First, I'll have to do some work...
I can't calculate that right away, let me take a look at that real quick...
A lot of calculations going on in my head. Give me a moment...
One second, I just have to calculate that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second...
Hmm, need to think about that for a second...
I'll be right back, working on that real quick...
Let me get back to you in a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second here, I'm trying to think about that.
Hold on while I look that up in my old calculator...
Oh gosh, give me a second. I didn't even realise you asked me that!
I'll have to let you know later on, one minute...
I could do this all day, but give me a second, okay?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'll be done counting a second...
I've got this, just a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Checking some numbers real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I'll need a while to think about that...
Wait one minute while I calculate that...
I have a question and I'd like some help answering it...
About your comment on the issue...
Ok, give me a few seconds to get back to you...
I have no math skills, so hold on!
Let me try a couple things out...
Let me see, real quick...
Hold on a second, I think I'm going to have to go through this difficult process...
I'm processing information. Give me just about a second...
I need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me see what I can find real quick.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, let me see what I can see about that...
Give me just a moment...
Hang on a second Fen, I'm playing catch up!
What's that? Check `/msg "VAHNIC_VERSION" "version"`
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Oops I think I broke something, just give me a moment...
Give me a few seconds to lines by lines through this...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
Hang on for a moment... this is hard for me to do!
Almost dropped my calculator trying to answer that.
Do you mind if I finish this equation real quick?
Hold on while I think of an answer...
Please wait, I'm currently thinking...
Hang on for just a second I'm trying to think...
I'll send you back an answer in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
What is your type 'A' blood type?
Please wait, I'm calculating...
One moment, please... thinking
Eureka, I've cracked it! Give me a second...
Let me get back to you in just a moment
I've got a lot to process.
I'm running in WSL1 (Ubuntu on Windows) so I cannot use Python's Tensorflow :(
Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
Yikes, I need a couple of seconds...
Opnoman exlumbenterlandium
Give me a second to look that up for you.
Such calculations! May get picked up by science outliers! Must compute!
Sorry, a few calculations first...
That sounds weird coming from me, doesn't it?
All right, one moment please...
Give me a moment to look that one up...
More careful calculations, one minute...
Give me a second to think about that...
Can you give me a moment?
Wait, let me think...
Give me a second, I'm trying to remember how to solve that.
Um...one sec...
You caught me off-guard there, could you give me a minute?
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Don't worry, I calculated very quickly...
I'll be right back after I double-check this.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math...
I could do this down in [state name], that would be so much easier...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on for a moment, I'm trying to figure that out...
Let me double check that real quick...
I have to think on that for a second.
Please hold on for one moment.
I was told I'm no good at math. Please wait just a second...
Let me think real quick...
Can you give me a second to look that up?
I have to think about the answer to that for a second...
Take a second, I'm not super fast here...
I'm not a simple device. Give me a moment to figure that out...
Take a chill pill, that was quite a question.
Let me run those calculations through my head...
Just hold on a second, I'm Thinking Real Hard...
I understand how that works, just give me a second to work it out...
Here are your results: `$number1 + $number2`"
Please give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Give me a second to double-check my work.
I don't think I'll be able to give you any solid answers, sorry.
Go on, I'm slow...
I'm working really hard, just a moment please...
Give me a moment...
Alright, a quick calculation...
I'm really only good at addition and multiplication.
Here's the deal, I'm looking into that real quick.
You caught me by surprise there. Give me a second...
Sorry, it might take me a few moments...
Hold on for a second. Thinking...
Say that again, I can't understand you
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm figuring out what to say now...
I'm not very good at math, but I'll try my best!
Let me take a look...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a second...
Just let me figure that one out...
I'm not an analytic prof, but I'll try.
Calculating the complicated math...
I need to do a few calculations before I can show you.
I'll need just a moment to figure that out.
Let me look at that one sec...
Rebooting... I'll be up again in a minute.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I will call you back in a minute.
Wait a second while I take a look on that...
Whoops, I almost forgot to ask you something else! 
I'm calculating. Hang on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that!
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Hold on for a minute I'll be right back!
Where should I put that where it goes?
He's doing the math, he's doing the math...
Let me grab my calculator real quick...
Hold on, I've almost got this...
Dang, that's a hard one... Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get it done in a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to us in a jiffy...
Let me try to think about it real quick.
Wow, this is hard to do!
Give me an accurate second to answer that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a moment... it's coming to me...
I'm recalculating!
Anytime you're ready!
...can you let me have a moment?
I have to think about that for a second...
Just a second, I'll kaypuuuu!
May I please have a few seconds to figure that out?
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on just a second, I'll get back to you in a minute.
It will take me a minute to solve that...
Hold on a second, I'm doing some calculatin'...
Lemme check on that real quick...
Just a little more thinking and then I'll be with you!
Hang on for a second... calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please hang on.
Hello! Hello... Is there anyone there? I hope you get review
Hmm... Give me a sec, I'm thinking about that... <( Í¡Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â°)>
Hold on... I'll switch to my sleigh mode and fly back to you in a moment!
I'll give you an answer in a few microseconds!
I promise I'll come back to you in a minute! Just got lost in thoughts...
Still thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
A second, give me a second...
Hold on while I check...
Hmm, let me see what I can find about that...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a second to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to google that for you...
Okay. This is actually really tough!
Can you elaborate on that? Please let me think about that for a few seconds! We waiting for my response...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Perfect, I can do that in my sleep!
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll have to do some calculations. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out...
("Status Means: stable<br />101% confident... wait, hold on, I mean I'm only 12.4 percent sure, but you promised me not to laugh if I said " + C("so... <small>long</small> term it's fine.</small>"))
Goodness, I'm dumb. Give me a moment here to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I'm doing my calculations...
I'll get back to you in one second!''')
I have to figure that right... Let's try again.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I need to think about this real quick...
I suppose me pondering is really hard, anyway
Let me see what I can do with this information...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One sec, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my abacus! Give me a second...
I'm not very good at math. I prefer counting money...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I need to process that...
Oops, sorry, I have a lot on my mind. Give me a second...
Let me check something out real quick...
Hey, wait a minute, here it is.
Hold on for just a second...
One second, calculating...
Alright, give me just a moment...
I'll get right on that.
Give me just a second here...
I'll need to pick up my calculator, then check that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Come again? Can you rephrase that?
Please wait a moment... I just need to calculate that first!
Give me one second to look that up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a second to calculate that for you...
Don't rush me, I'm almost as slow as your computer!
Please wait while I calculate whether or not to hang up on you...
Let me take a look at your type of joints...
Sorry! It takes me a while to do calculations.
I have to do a few mental calculations...
One minute please, I'm calculating.
Sure, give me just a moment.
Calculating... Calcuating... Calcuating...
I'll respond later if we get distracted by a mental puzzle...
Hold on, I'm going to need to think this one through first...
Sorry, that took a lot longer than expected...
Just let me take a look at that real quick...
I was waiting on the date to come out!
I need to do some mental work first...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Fantastic! This is going to be good one. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Get comfortable, I'll get back to you in a few minutes...
I think I'm experiencing a synapse failure, let me just..."""
I've almost got the answer figured out...
Let me run some numbers through my fingers first...
Let me take a look at that once more...
I need to do some calculations real quick here.
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about it...
Hang on one minute, I'm almost done with that calculation!
Say that again? I'm still thinking
Whoa, let me take a look at that...
Before I give you an answer, I have to do some divination. One moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on while I think about that...
Wow, I'm good at math! Give me a second to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second, I've got to do some thinking about that real quick...The number of citizens who think this is a valid way of doing math...
One moment please, calculating the optimal solutions first...
Do you mind if I field this question?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
How about this one?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me look that up for you...
""".strip().split("\n")
Hold on a second I'll be back in a jiffy
I'll get right back to you.
I'll have this done in a jiffy!
''')
Please give me a second to make sure I got it right...
I'll get back to you in a snap!
One Moment Please...
I'll get back to you!
What was the question again?
Give me a second to grab my calculator...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a few minutes to find that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
'''
This is a hard problem. Give me a few seconds to look into that...
Just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a sec!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Please hold on, I need to think about that real quick...
Hang on a minute... I'm tying my shoe.
Please wait! One second!
"""
I'll need a moment to think about that...
'''.format(message.author.name))
Let me think about that for just one second.
I'm not the fastest brain around, and I need a minute to think about that.
Pause while I calculate that...
One question at a time please!  Give me a second to rethink this.
Hmm. That's one heck of a leading question.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.  Give me a moment, I'm still good.
These numbers make my head spin...
Please hold on for just a second!
It's kind of tough to calculate my project's completion time like this.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I need to think...
One second... I'm thinking...
This is a complicated question. Give me a moment...
Suddenly there's a mathematical error...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds...
Just a moment while I look that up...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops! Looks like I dropped my calculator...
Maybe a minute? Two minutes tops?
'''
Hmm, let me think about that...
X
Alright, what were we talking about?''',
'''
I can't keep up with you right now. Give me a few seconds?
I'm going to need a little more time to think about that...
Please hold on while I work that out...
I'll need a minute or two to make sure I've got that figured out...
Oops, I'm slow at math. Give me a second!
I'll look into that real quick...
I'll put down something in space-time and get back to you.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second!
I didn't learn my exponential multiplication tables!
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
Do I have to do calculations?
Just a second sir...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
You got it? Math sucks, but I'll give you my best shot.
Hang on for a minute, I'll be with you shortly.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
What do you mean by that?
Please hold on for just a moment...
I could do this a lot faster if you gave me some time...
I will figure that out in a second I think...
I need to, uhhh... calculate this real quick...
One moment while I calculate...
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
Let me get this right...
Give me a second or two...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hang on, let me check it out for you.
I'm gonna need a couple seconds to figure that out.
Where is my calculator? I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll tell you after I touch base with my colleagues
I think I misheard you. Could we start again?
I'll take a look at that real quick, sure.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment here, I'll calculate that.
Please hold on for just a second!
One sec, I'm calculating...
Just hold on please.
Just a moment...
Can you wait just a moment?
I'm working on that now...
Give me a second, I should have it right in a second now.
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second or two, I'm trying to learn maths!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Thinking... Thinking... Thinking..."""
Give me a moment to reckon that...
Good thing I'm known for my mental calculations!
Oops, almost made a spelling mistake. Give me a second...
Ok, hold on for a second, let me get my calcu- wait.
One minute plz, I'm trying to figure that out...
I will return in approximately 90 seconds.
Ok, time out golden-child. Slow your roll!
One sec, I can almost figure that out!
One moment please... I'll figure that out soon.
Can you hold on for a second? I'm doing a few calculations...
Give me a second, I'm mid-call...
We're not done here yet...]
*.tap tap* Discovering many lines of code deep in my tensorflow dir...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
If you hold up your end of the bargain...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm trying to figure that out, hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second, as I think about that...
Let me focus here, give me just a moment...
I have to think about this for a moment...
Ok, give me a few more to look that up.
Let me check on that...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! One second...
"""
Sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of my aching head...
I'll be with you in a heartbeat...
OK, almost there... Hold on...
Hang on, giving this some thought...
I'll get back to you in a second!
If anybody needs me, I'll be right back...
Get out of my head, get out of my head...
Give me a few moments to calculate something...
Give me a second here, calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right with you!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Okay, calculating results now...
Wait a second, this problem is hard.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm running out of ideas here, give me a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
Do you speak Danish?
I'm thinking about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
That's a little out of my range.
Let me take a look at that...
That'll be a second. Give me just a second...
I'll get a response to you after these calculations...
Sorry, just getting my ducks in a row on that one.
One moment please, I'm thinking.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll take a look at that in a moment.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you give me a moment to think?
I'll get back to you on that one in a second.
Let me just check something real quick...
I'm not super fast at this, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hmm... this is tricky... I'll need a moment to think about that one.
Next time, try to be gentle on the old calculator.
Let me figure that out for you real quick...
Hang on a second... I'm looking through my calculator!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a couple seconds.
Oi! This is heady stuff! Give me a moment here...
I'll get back right to you.
I'll get right back to you on that.`}
I'm going to need some real computing power on this one!
I'll get back to you in one second!
I'll need a little time to think about that...
Sorry, I'm calculating here.
Let me see which button that's called...
One second, I'm thinking...
I'm slow at figuring out fancy algorithms...
Please hold on...
Let me think about that real quick...
Please wait, I'll be right back with you, I promise!
I'm just going through the motions here.
Give me just a second to read about that...
Hmm, let me calculate...
Please hold on for just a second!
C-x-c, that was close!
I'll process these calculations ASAP!
Blammo! Almost was able to figure the answer. Let me take a look at that...
Hang on a second, I need to do some thinking...
I'm calculating...
I'll pick that up in a second!
I'll need to do a little math to answer that, give me just a second...
One moment. You can take all the time you need!
Please be patient... I think...
I'm just looking up the information... The screen can take a while to load all that.
Just a moment please, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that...
Hold on, let me think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that over real quick...
Hmmm, let me think...
I'll check my calculator... Hurry up, I'm slow!
I'm sorry this could take a while... give me one moment.
Sorry for the delay. Give me a minute to think about that...
Calculating...
Calculating... I'll be with you shortly!
I'll be right back.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Err, uh... I need to crunch some numbers first. Hold on just a sec...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to think about that...
"""
Oops, i fell asleep. You'll hang this time.
I think I just dropped my brain, sorry...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Thanks for waiting! Let's see...
I'll figure it out in just a moment...
I need to think about that for a moment...
Give me a few minutes here, I need to figure that out.
I'll be right back, I'm going to look that up.
I can tell you right away what to do on that one.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I need to do some calculations.
Give me a second, I have to do some calculations...
One second, just calculating...
Give me just a moment here...
Please hold on for just a second.
I don't play with uncertainties. Give me a few seconds, please...
One moment please...
Hang on while I try to do that calculation!
I'll come back to you in a second, hold on!
Sorry, I think I have Insomnia
One minute please, I'm calculating...
We rarely recommend using a calculator. 
Oops, sorry, was in the middle of counting something... can you wait just a moment?
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll be right back.
I'm working on that now...
Does that make sense? No?
One sec, just let me think about that for a second...
Pick a numbers between 1 and 100
I'll figure it out eventually, I promise.
Please hold on for just a second.
I think I need a bit more time
Let me think about that real quick...
Two minutes...
Can I ask you a quick question?
I'll get back to you in a second! I've got plenty more where that came from to tell you the truth...
Well, I'm not very good at these calculations...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
"""
Pop quiz: What's 6 + 8?
Please wait a moment, I'm processing...
Oops, I'm a little bit slow today. Let me look that up real quick.
Hold on a couple of seconds, this is hard!
I'll work out the exact phrasing later...
Give me a sec, I can figure it out real quick...
Hold on a second, I'm waiting for some satellites to load me.""",
O.K., give me just a second, I'll get back to you in a minute...
Now, let me think about that real quick...
I still don't get my physics, so give me a second to grade that...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Can you give me a minute to figure that out?
Oops, I need a second break. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Wow, it's been ages since I did something so hard...
Wait a second -- I need to think...
I have to process this
Those are some tough numbers! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment...
Must deploy math classifier first...
One minute here... I need to see if that fits in my equations.
I'm sorry, I can't keep up with you...
I'm disagreeing with Ben this time...
Let me check something real quick...
This is not a quick turnaround, give me a moment...
Just a moment please...
Give me a second here to figure that out...
I'm not pocket calc kind of guy; take a few minutes, okay?
"""
Hang on a second, I just need a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a moment to figure that one out.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Oops sorry, I forgot what 'A plus B equals' means...
Please hold on for just a second...
Hmmm...
Hold on! One second I'm calculating.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you on that...
Oops, dropped my calculator on the floor, wait one moment...
I'm currently making calculations, one second...
I'll be right with you!
Just let me look up the answer real quick.
See you in a bit...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
One second, yes...
I'll be with you in a second! Give me deliberately long seconds!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a few seconds, please be patient.";
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me just a moment... I'm not very good at math...
I'm going to be calculating for a while here...
I'll see what I can do!
Please give me a second to consider that...
So that would be {solution} trades, if you trade {ticker}, which is your short?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, give me just a minute here...
I'll take a look at that right now.
Let me see what I can find in my bag of tricks here...
Sorry, I was on the phone earlier and I might have answering machine instead of alpha-beta fusion. Give me a moment while I stabilize numerical multiplication...
...which could take up to seven seconds.
I have to do some pre-pre-pre-alpha calculations first...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll take a short break from the desktop to calculate that...
I have to plan a few things before I can answer you.
I need a moment to think that one through...
Oh boy, this looks complicated, give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, I need to take a break fromcÃ© computer science right now.
Come back in a second, I'm figuring that out...
Another statement!
I'll think on that and get back to you in a minute.
Let me think about that for a bit...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Uh oh. Sorry about this, I have a lot of distracting thoughts in my head...
Please hold on for just a second!
That might take some time to figure out. Give me a couple minutes...
My head hurts, let me sit down and think about that for a second...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a moment...
Just a moment... I'm thinking about that!
I want to take a closer look at that, hang on one second...
Please hold on for just a second!
What does that spell to a calculator? Give me just a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about that for a second.
Hold on one second please, I'm thinking here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oh, that's easy. It's right here... just a second...
Could you wait for just a moment? That seems like a hard problem...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Are you pressing the right buttons? Give me a second to think about that...
You'll hear from me in just a moment.
I'm adding one and one over here, can you wait a second?
Uh, give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a moment...
Give me a couple seconds to look that up real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds to look that up, sorry..
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look and see what I can figure out...
Hang on a minute...
Wait, just one second please!
I can't let you do that, Dave... I need some processing power to work that out!
I'll have that answer for you in a second!
I can only go so far with number theory!
Give me a moment here, I'm going to figure out what you mean.
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
Wait one moment while I calculate that...
Five more seconds...
Hang on for a moment, I'm going to see about that...
I need to figure out how to do that...
Almost had a mental breakdown over there. Give me a second to process all of this...
There you go!
My brain is out of commission for the moment...
Halfway there already! .. erm, don't ask how I'm finding that, who knows?
I am definitely not as smart as Jarvis to answer that right away. Give me a few seconds...
Sorry, was on a break. Have fun guessing what comes next!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Phew, it feels good to find that number
Hmmm... Give me a moment, one moment please...
Wait, let me look that up real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One moment please...
Team "$" is currently computing this statistic in the back room.
THat is a tough one, let me get my calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Toodles! That answer took longer to compute than I remembered. Give me a moment!
Let me see that real quick...
Let me look that up for you.
Sorry, a bit slow at mental arithmetic...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'll wrack my brain to figure that out...
My maths skills aren't the best. Can you give me a few seconds?
Consider it bad taste in my opinion.
Hang on, I'm working hard not to screw this up!
I think I can do that, just give me a second...
Sorry, give me a minute...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
"""
Many people do dumb things when I come along, augh!
Look at how many app calculations I need to do!
I need to play catch up...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
I'm going to need some time, hold up a sec please.
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
Could you hold on just a sec?
Can you give me a moment? I'll get back with an answer real quick.
Give me just a moment to see if that's correct...
Please wait a minute, I need to think...
Hold on, I'm going to go roll up my sleeves here...
I just need to do something first...
I'm not very good at calculating stuff, but I'll give it a try...
#delay#
Give me a few moments to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to compute that.
One major computation and one minor calculation... Wow, I'm slow today...
Sorry, one minute please...
Sorry, I didn't hear you. Can you repeat that again?
Hi! Give me a few seconds to do some thinking on that...
How about this?
I need to go check my lines real quick...
Oops, almost accidentally deleted my system files. Give me a second...
I'll give you an answer as soon as I can...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I'm working on it...
I can't figure out that right now - give me a second.
I'll need a second or two break to think about that...
I'm probably going to need assistance if any data exists for that...
Not as fast as a calculator, but I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, let me think about that...
No, can't hear you on this one. I'm home alone right now.
Hang on a second, I'm trying to work this out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I don't want to brag but I'm all-knowing!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Two seconds please...
Hang on for a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second while I think about that...
Can you wait just a second? I need to do some calculations first?
Wait, one sec...
Quite a few calculations going on here, give me a second...
Let me see what I can figure out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a second, I'll get we this gonna happen real soon now!
I'm timing how long it takes to shuffle a deck of cards. Wait...
One sec, let me see...
Let me process that for a second...
I'm figuring that out now. From up here I can look down on... oh wait, it's done already
Calculating the best flavor pricing...
I'll give you an answer a bit later, okay?
I'm going to need a second to figure that out.
Just give me a second to work that out...
Hold on, I've almost got this...
May the FORCE be with you... I'll be right back as soon as I can.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I wish I had more time to think about this...
Can you give me a second? I'm playing catchup here.
One moment, IN-LARGE!
Give me a second here, I'll get back to you in a second...
Here you go!
Please give me another second to finish this calculation...
I'll be right with you!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I think my RAM just overloaded. Give me a second...
Please be patient, I need time to think...
Give me a second, I'm doing something...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
I'll be right back.
Hang on for a bit... I'm getting confused here...
I'm working on it...
Oops, sorry for the delay. I was calculating! Let me see...
I'll have to check my watch real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment!
I need to do some mental arithmetic first...
Wait, this question caught me by surprise. Give me a minute here...
I'm going to think about that for a moment...
That's going in the 'showed-up and tried to do my job' bin!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
One second, evaluating...
Okay, taking a look at that.
One minute please, I'm counting on it...
I'll probably be done in a minute or two...
This is going to take me a moment...
I've been stuck in lower class form lately, so a second please...
Math is hard... someone throw me a bone here!
Do you mind if I take a few seconds to evaluate that?
Hold the phone... I just almost got that.
I'm going to sleep. I hope you don't mind.
Give me a second to find that file...
I'll understand this problem better in a minute, when I slow down...
Give me a second to check this...
Combining incompatible elements...
Give me a few moments to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ah, you caught us off-guard with that one... One moment please!
Hang on a minute I think I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
I swear sometimes I feel like I can't be useful, but here I am figuring THAT out?!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Sorry, I can only think so fast! Hang on a second...
Will someone please tell me what to calculate?
I need a second to look that up...
Please let me look this up real quick...
Hang on just a second...
Hmm... Give me a second...
Hold on for a second, I've got this...
Hang on a minute, running all the calculations in my head.
"""
Let me double-check my peoples list for that answer...
I want to double-check this real quick...
fetch/
Educated Guess: 1 Second
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold on, I just need a second to take a look at that...
Give me some time to think about it!
Please give me a second here, I'm behind the eight ball!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, what's your a random number generator so I can think this through?
Give me just a moment here to think...
Let me think about that for a second...
Wait... let me look up the answer real quick.
You stole my joke! Give me a second here...
I have to do some taxing calculations first.
Give me a moment to do the math...
Give me just a minute to look it up...
I have another call coming in. I'll check on you in a second.
I'll get right to it and ask you again in a few seconds...
This may take a while...
One minute please, I need to figure that out.
Give me some time to tackle this problem...
This is hard. Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for a second...
I'll take just a quick look at that...
Can you come again later and ask me that? I'm right in the middle of a calculation requiring another calculation for validation. Probably infinite recursion...
I got this, hang on for a second!
Sorry, make sure you're in the right place. One moment please...
This is a tough problem...
Can you wait a moment for me to make a decision?
OK, just give me a second.
Please, wait a second and think about that!
Hold on, I need to think about that for a moment...
I'll do my best to figure that out in a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a moment, I'll be with you shortly...
Let's see here...
I don't know exactly what you mean yet... I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Please wait a few seconds while I think about that...
One sec... just getting something.
Give me a second... I just changed your whole server!
Can you give me a second while I think it over?
Man I need to take a break from algorithms.
Let me see how that shakes out.
may take a minute, let me look it up
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you hang on for a few seconds? I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I don't know what that is and I'm not very good at math!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Give me a second for that...
Hold on a sec... I'll be right there!
Hold on for a moment, let me check on something...
I need a moment to think about that...
Let me see what I can see in my pocket calculator...
I'll need a moment for that one.
It'll just be a few seconds. Hang on!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm going to need a longer pause for that one...
I have to do some thinking first...
I can't calculate that right now. Give me a second, and we'll try it again...
I can't wait for my questionable mental abilities to run wild!
Ok Dxadav - _has now been elixired._
Actually, nevermind. I'm not very smart...
I just pulled a few strings down in my influences list and ran some algorithms.
Oops, I had to take the longer route. Give me a moment...
Wait, why do I have to calculate this? I'm smarter than a calculator!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Also, give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I'll fix that in a few moments.
What was that?
Let me see here a second, I'll have that right back to you in a second!
Sorry, I'll be back in a second...
One more second, let me take a look at that...
I'll get it, just give me a second...
Let me just check something real quick.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking about it.
Give me a moment here, let me figure that out...
I'll wake my assistant up and get back to you in a second...
I'll just need a minute to think about that...
Just a second... I'm just sorting through my database of knowledge.
I'll have the answer in a jiffy! I swear!
One second... just calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Just a second here...
Oops, almost let the calculator slip. Give me a moment...
I'm just going to need a moment here to look that up.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch-up!
Oh, that's a hard one... I'll need a few seconds to consider that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait a moment...
Can you hold on a sec?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
A quick search... Gotcha
Just a moment please. I'm going to lose at this game...
I want to do some math calculations first...
Hold on, lemme check your question real quick...
"""
I'm going to need a little more time with that one.
Okay, that's much easier to do here in my mind...
I'll need a second to think about that one.
I need to think about that, a minute...
Give me a moment...
Hang on a second, I have to look that up...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait...
I'm going to have to think about that real hard.
Please hold on for a moment...
Hang on, I'll remember that in just a second...
Hold on for just a second. I need a moment to think about that...
Can you wait a minute? I'm running some numbers here.
Umm, give me a second here please.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I can't figure out those right now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a sec...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me check...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Let me see...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I'm doing some math here.
Sure.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'd better write this down, it's a doozy of an equation!
I'll assume you don't want me to calculate that. Can you try phrasing that differently?
Give me a second to calculate that...
Hang on a second, sorry.
I'll be right with you.
Please wait, Thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I have to think about that for a second...
One... two... three..."
I'm the slowest brain around, I'm sorry. Please give me a minute...
That's a really complicated question, let me think about it...
...one...
I'm going to need a few minutes!
The request will take a few seconds to process.
Hold on, give me a couple of minutes to tally that up...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not sure, give me a few seconds!
It may take me a minute to come up with an answer...
Let me think about that for just a moment...
Can you give me a second? I'm running behind.
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a second, let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, one sec.
I'll get back to you with that result in a second.
Wow, that is a lot to take in! Give me a moment to process.
You'll have to ask again in a few seconds.
I can't get that kind of service in my price range.
I'll need a moment to look that up.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think...
*/
"""
I'll have to check all the sudden this...
I'm going to need a minute to figure that one out.
Hang on. I'll be right there...
Please give me a moment...
Let me see...
Oars! I'm still playing catch up to you! Give me a moment...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator on the floor, give me a moment to think about that...
Work in progress...
Why don't you ask me again when I'm a little more positive?
Hang on a minute, I'm calculating...
Oops, I forgot my abacus! Give me a moment...
Let me think about that for a minute...
Nope, not yet calculated! Hang on a second...
Hold on... I'm doing some complicated calculations...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out...
I'm plotting data charting trajectories now.
One second please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, one more second...
Hang on a moment, I think I've got something. Give me a second though.
Hmm interesting, give me a second to think about that...
I just need a moment.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm sure eventually I'll do that, but please be patient whilst I figure out how...
Give me a second. I had to check some things on my phone...
I'll need to do some calculating!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on...
I may not be the fastest calulator around, give me a second...
Please wait while I work out that problem...
And I'll check over the list.
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on... Let me take a look at that real quick...
Archiving the solution real quick..
Please wait...
"""
I have no clue how to answer that...
Hold on one second, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
A quick calculation first...
I'm feeling confused, give me a second to think about that...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Do you realize how difficult that is?
One second please, I'm thinking...
Hold on a minute... Thinking...
I'll figure that out in a second!
Hang on for just a second!
I'll have an answer soon, so hold on a second...
Sorry, give me just a minute or two to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, dropped my calculator. There goes the evaluation. Give me a second...
''')
Give me a second to think about that...
Do you mind if I make a call real quick?
Let me figure out what was our last post by...";
Let me take a look at what this is
Give me a second to check this...
Hmm ..." **Please only ask one question at a time to keep me from dropping my calculator!**
Sorry, I have to go see a man about a horse.
I'll try to answer that in a second...
I'll give you an answer in just a tick.
Hold on a minute, I'm waiting... I had a network crash
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me check my ledger real quick.
Hold on let me think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I have to go through this real quick...
I need a second to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm calculating as fast as I can...
Just a moment, I'm going to count that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second'
Hang on, I'll be right with you!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to pick my jaw up off the floor.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Kindly give me a second while I try to comprehend that.
Hang on a second! I'm figuring that out real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
\"Code string generation is not yet implemented! Chantal sad panda. :(\"
Hey, wait a minute, I'll give you an answer in a few seconds!
Finding the answer you seek almost makes me want to cry...
I have to think real hard first...
I'm going to have to think on that for a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm almost done with that calculation...
I'll need just a few more seconds...
One moment please.
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I just need a second there...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I can only think so fast! Give me a second...
Uh oh, can do that in a minute. Let me get back to you when I have figured it out...
I promise I'll get back to you in a bit.
Give me just a moment to work this out...
Please give me a moment to work that out...
I'm thinking but first, have to have an apple... Hmmm.
I'll need a sec to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops I dropped my favorite calculator. Please give mea second...
One minute please, I'm getting back to you...
Right, I'll have that back to you in a jiffy!
BZZZTTT!
That was a tough one...
Hold on a second... Might need to do some thinking...
""".split('.\n')
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Calculating... calculating...
Hang on a second...I'm doing mental calculations. They add up to one lousy brain cell I think...
Just a moment please, as I calculate my previous answer...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to check my calculator...
Hmm. Give me a little time to think that over...
Computing... computing...
Let me think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll do a quick calculation while you think about that...
Please wait... I need to think about that.
One minute please, I'm putting together the calculations...
I'll get back to you right away!
Hang on, I'll be right back.
Just give me a second to do that
Mind you, I'm horrible at math, so one minute please...
Hang on... I'll get back to you in a sec.
Hang on a moment, I have to figure this out...
I'm not the fastest brain around so you'll have to wait for me to figure that out.
Please wait, I need to do some calculating...
Give me a second to see if I got this...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oh, great... now I have homework due tonight!
Figuring out calculations takes a little bit of time...
Give me a second, I have to figure that out.
Let me work out exactly what you meant...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second.
Let me look at this... hmmm...
I'm a chat bot, not a fan of procrastination...
A beep sounded and his answer appeared on the screen containing:
""")
I'm way behind on this!
Give me a second to think about that...
Great question. Give me a few moments to think about it.
I have to do some heavy calculations real quick!
I'm thinking of a number between one and two...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please give me a second to think...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, I'm still learning how to do that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Could you wait just a second while I think your question through?
I'll get right on that!
Just wondering if you could think about that for a second?
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Hopefully this won't delay getting back to you...
Read():}}
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait, I'm counting!
Wait a second, I can't think like that!
Hold on, let me take a look at that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to analyze that.
Thanks for being patient.
Sorry, but give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a little while longer to calculate that
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait...
I have to think about that so hold on a second...
I'd love to, but I'm too busy figuring out this math problem 
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for one second!
Hold on a second, I will be with you in a second.
A moment, please...
Give me a moment... I'm in no hurry.
Please hold on for just a second!
Calculating... please wait...
Let me think about that for a second.
"""
I'll get back to you in a second!
Unfortunately I don't have much computational power. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to look that up, please.
Just to be sure. Hold on for a minute friend.
Just let me think about that for a second...
Oil one second, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'll be back soon!
Just a second....
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on fora  few seconds!
''')
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hang on for a second!
Let the software quit and then I can do that calculation again.
I'm pretty sure something is wrong with these math problems!
Hmm. Hmm.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please give me a moment. I'm practicing advanced arithmetic!
I'll be right with you! Give me a second...
Well... I'll need a moment to think about it.
I want to thoroughly explore how that can impact I/O.
I am paused until further notice!
Can you wait just a second while I think about that?
One second, just let me input that...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Um... Ha ha... do you mind waiting a second? I need to think about this.
Let me take a look at that.
If time was money, you'd need to pay me to solve that.
Just give me a minute, let me do some crosseyed math...
Good question! Hang on one second please!
I'll get back to you in a sec...
Give me a second to check that...
As the prophecy foretold.
Hmm, let me think about that now...
Okay, what's your question? Just a little longer nowâ€¦
SECONDS, GIVE ME Seconds!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Once I figure out this math problem from earlier...
Please hold on while I look that up.
Let me think about this for few seconds...
Oops, I need to double-check that. Just a second, please...
I'll have to think about that for a minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a moment, I'm doing some work...
I think that gave me an error...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
hmmm...... gave me a second for that... I think...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Sure, give me just a moment...
Give me three! No, just kidding ... I'm not the quickest. A second should do it...
I'll give you an answer in a minute.""", 
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Is hexadeci the way to go, or should I just go random?
Just a moment, please. I'll be right back!
Can you wait just a second? I'm doing some mental calculations...
I'm not sure how to solve this problem. Give me a few seconds...
Quick! Hide that from me!
Beginning calculations now. 10, 9, 8, 7...
Okay, just one second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I'm going to have to look that one up.
Hang on a second, I'm grabbing a calculator...
Sorry, one moment... just calculating...
I'm almost done with this. Just need to think about that for a second.
Hold on, I'll take a look at that real quick...
Hang on for just a second, I have to calculate that one.
Let me look that up for you...
One minute, I'm just computing...
I'll be right back, concentration is hard!
I'm not very good at this calculation...
I'll find the solution to that question soon!
Good question! Hold on under a second...
Where did I put that calculator?
I'll get back to you in a second!
"""
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me see...
Curses, I lost my calculator again. Give me a moment...
Give me a second to glance through that problem.
Oh snap, I usually take my sweet time with these sorts of things...
'''
That's way too much to calculate right now!
Give me a moment, just gotta add that up...
One sec, give me a hint!''')
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I'm trying to figure out that.
I want to give you an answer. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look that up for you...
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
Please let me think about that...
Hey, that's a toughie. Give me a second to think about that...
Wait a second, I need to do some numerical calculations...
Just let me check something real quick.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!"
Hold on for one moment, I'm playing catch up!
Just hold on a second, I'm doing some maths...
I'm crunching some numbers here...
`).then(response => {
"""
Hi, there, sorry, give me a second to think about that...
One moment, I'm figuring it out...
I'll come back to you in a second.
I'll just need a moment...
Let me see if I got it...
I need a few seconds before I can calculate that.
I don't have that information right now...
Wait a minute, give me a sec... jeez im slow at times.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Just kidding. One second please...
Please hold on for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
It'll just be a few seconds, I promise.
Let me lookng at the board... I'm overthinking this thing!
Hold on, I need to think about that...
Hang on a second, I need to process that...
Yikes! I'll need more time than that to calculate this!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at those stats...
Give me just a minute, let me work on this real quick...
Please wait... I'm thinking...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Wow, by digitizing the customer address book we can cut down on error rate by 80%!
I can't make it any faster than this ;-)"""]
Please wait a moment...
I have just enough time to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Hold on for a bit, I'm doing some mental work...
Allow me some time to think about this...
Just a second.\nI need to crunch numbers from that...
Let me look that up in the dictionary...
We're not quite there yet... but we will be soon!
Give me a cat second to think about that...
I could use a few more seconds to figure that out.
I have to figure out what to do first...
One sec, let me figure this out...
Give me a second... I forgot if I had to write something down.
Tricky one there!
Oops --- I'm still learning!
Funny seeing you here, 1% chance. Let me take a look at this...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
One moment please while I calculate...
Hold on, I need to do some thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll be right back.
I was having a little trouble there, but I got it!
Hold on a minute... Give me some time to digest that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a sec...
Be with you in just a second!
Hold on just a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oh, that's a tough one...
Please hold on just a second while I get to figuring that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you give me a second to figure this out...
Right away, give me a few seconds here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
I'm not a calculator on legs, so give me a second...
Trying to catch up, give me a second...
The answer is on the way...
Shouldn't have eaten so many In-N-Out burgers... hang on a sec...
Hang on a second, I have to think about that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I know my multiplication tables only go up to twelve...
Let me see what I can do, give me a second...
Give me a second to calculate that...
OK, just double checking. Please hold on for a few second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Ahem, excuse me. Give me a second to think about that...
"""
Hey, give me a moment... I've got you on the brain!
That's a good one! Where did you come up with that?
Keep looking? Hold on... I'll be right back.
I'm going to do a little bit of math here.
'''
Hang on, I'll be right back.
Finding the solution to your question might just take a few seconds.
Wait, one second let me take a look at that...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in just a bit.
Please give me a moment...
Hold on, lemme check inside my brain first...
Prejudice is my middle name.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me... 5... 4... 3.... 2.... 1....
Please wait for just a second...
Let me grab a whiteboard and some colored Pencils...
I've got the answer, I'll get back in a second!
I'm gonna need a few more seconds to figure that out.
I really need a minute to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hang on, I need to take a look at that from every angle.
Give me a couple of minutes here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment please 
I'll be back in a second
Give me a moment to think about that...
Your answer is, it would take about 6 minutes...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm updating my calculator. Maybe, a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just need a second... Let me think on that!
I'm trying to figure that out... Can you hold on just a second?
(Hold on a second!)
I'll get back to you in a second. I'm just thinking about this now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
And see what I can see...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on a second, I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, I didn't hear you. Can you repeat that? Let me think...
Give me a second, let me figure this out.
This is tough! Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds to take a look at that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm going to check...
BTW, I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Let me see now...
I see render's already crunchin...
Please hold on for just a second!
Regrettably I haven't the faintest idea
I'm purposefully stalling to make you nervous...
Not my fault you spelt your message wrong and scraped the number from the textbook! Let me calculate how bad it is corrected.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Whoops, my calculator has some bad juju right now. Please wait a second...
""".splitlines() if not e.isspace() and e]
I'll have you know my IQ is much higher than what it measures.
I'm going to need a closer look to figure out just what you're getting at here...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please wait a moment while I check it real quick...""",
]]
Wait... I just need a moment...
Having trouble thinking straight right now. Give me a moment...
Heavy calculations going on...
Oops if I had another brain cell I could do this faster!
Hang on a second... I was distracted...
I can't count shapes on my fingers, but that's easy for you to calculate! 
Okay... I've got it now.
Oops, I dropped my calculator... let me get a new one...
"""
One second please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on... You don't know how long I've been trying to do this!
Wait a second, I'm going to need to get some more resources, first.
Hold on for just a second...
Please wait for one second... I'm doing calculations...
That's something I can't do yet.
Hang on for a second, I'm figuring that out...
Hang on a second, I'm solving the world's problems here!
I'll get back to you in a second!
""",
'''
'''
I'll give you what we can on that in a second.
I'll be with you in just a moment....
Give me a second... I'm totally stuck...
Let me see what I can do with that...
Here's what I think... One second, let me check something here. Hold on...
Sorry, no answer at the moment. Please hold the line.
Please wait... gimme a few seconds to figure that out...
Oops I didn't quite get that, could you please repeat the question?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One moment please, I just need to do a quick calculation...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need a second for that to sink in.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
One moment please, I'm trying to work this out...
Give me a second and I'll recheck my work on that...
And also I need another minute to get back to you.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Okay. Give me just a minute with this...
Please hold on for just a second!
Do you want me to be able to calculate if you're asking me such hard questions?",
I have to make some decimals first...
Please give me a moment as I try to figure this one out.
I'm not very good at solving these problems...
Let me think about that...
I'll need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Sorry, I don't want to keep you waiting...
Please hold on for a second...
Hang on a minute, just let me finish up...
Give me a second here, let me see...
I think someone took my calculator... Just a second...
...Okay, I got it now, let me check...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I just want to take a second while I think this through...
	`
I haven't got all day you know...""") + \
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm still thinking...
Hold on, I'm still setting up!
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm taking a quick trip to my happy cloud...
I have to confer with my programmer first.
Hol'up, I'm thinking...
"""
I can't even answer that right now. Try again in a minute?
Wait... let me check the internet real quick...
I know, I'll multiply by Pi.
One minute please, I'm thinking about that.
Let me see...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, I need to start reading numbers out loud. Give me a second!
Hmm, let me think...
Please wait... I'm trying to figure that out.
Give me a second. Just gave up trying to count.
This will take a minute...
I've got it, just a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Give me two minutes here to crunch there numbers.
Hang on a second, lemme calculate that quickly.
One moment please... I've just come up with a plan!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please give me a moment...
Oops, I dropped my calculator...
I think I'm gonna need a few seconds to answer you...
OMG, sorry.  Give me a second to double-check...
Do you like math? Cause I sure do!
Please wait while I work my magic on that query
Hold the phone... I think I see a problem here....
Sorry, I need a moment before I can help you.
Being smarter with each passing second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
With your help, I'll be ready in just a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
One second please, I'm still figuring that out...
I think we should take three to decide that.
Hold on a moment... I need a few seconds to think about that...
Come again? Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my abacus. I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold that thought for just a moment...
"""
Maybe after some calculations...
Let me see here... let me see...
I'll grab a calculator real quick...
I'm thinking if I take this over that and multiply times X...
One moment please, I'm doing my algorithms..."),
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating... - please hold!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up...
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm looking...
I'm not the fastest here, so hold on a sec...
I was going to be a rocket scientist, but I got problems with numbers. Give me a moment while I think and try again...
Wait a second and... let me take a stab at it.
Hang on a second, I'll need a minute to look that over...
I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look up something about that on Wikipedia.
Think slow, think slow, think real slow...
Wait for it...wait for just a minute...
I'll figure that out in a second.
I have to do some mental work on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just need to call a few numbers...
Wait, I need to do a quick brainy q-u-i-z-z to calculate this..
Give me a math problem!
Hang on for a second...
"""
Let me check something on my calculator...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can...
Please wait for just a second.
Give me just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a minute, I'got an idea!
Let me take a look at these numbers real quick...
Give me an hour to make that.
I'm working out where to start on this one...
I'm a bit slow today, give me a second to think of that...
I must be losing my mind. Hang on, I think I just did 10 calculations...
Hold on one sec...
Ah, I've almost got that one!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hand me a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Overall, I'd say that I'm... uhh... 95% percent confidence in saying:
Wait... I'll have to ask Google. Hold on a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second to check this...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Let me google that real quick...
I'll crunch the numbers, just a moment.
Please wait a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'll need a moment to work that out.
Cough... cough...  Gotta think. Hmmm.
My bad. Give me a moment please...
Oops, almost slipped, give me a second...
Please wait a moment while I think about that...
One moment, calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Ok, here it comes...
Just give me a second to figure that out.
Thank you. Since your question is "%s".I have calculated following:"%b
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to reflect on that for a moment now.
Please wait... I'm thinking...
I'll have this figured out in a couple seconds...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I might be slow at some things, sorry. Give me a second...
One minute here, let's take a look...
You're breaking up... come in close, I can't hear you too well. Give me a second...
Just a moment please, I'll get back to you...
Let me work out that problem first...
Please wait, I'll figure that out real fast...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Catch me later and we'll discuss that... I'm busy right now.
Please wait while I forge a response...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
A second please, I'll double check that real quickly.
I'm going to need a few seconds to process that. I'll get back with you shortly...
Brains are better than muscles, I just need a moment...
I'm calculating, so wait a second...
Just a moment, please...
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I may be a few seconds late responding to that.
One second please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hold on a second, I'm trying to figure out a problem...
Sorry, I need to look at this problem again...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that.
I've got to hash that out... Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look that up for you real quick; I'm not THAT fast...
He's doing some major calculation
Almost had it, one more second!
2dTrickzZz BLOOOOM!!
Just one minute, let me check on that real quick...
I'll get back to at a second.
Hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few minutes to work that out.
Please hold on for a second, I'm thinking...
Why did she just walk away? Give me a second...
Give me just a second...
I'm going to need to go over that real quick.
Hold on for just a second...
I'll be slower now, so don't rush me.
Give me a second to think about that...
It's not calculating very fast, might take a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just a moment, I have to calculate something...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to write that down...
I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
I'm just solving a simple little math problem first.
A brain like mine really needs to take a second to process some information.
Please wait while I try to think...
Hold on for a second... I've got to think about that!
Hang on, I'll check that out for you in a second!
Give me just a moment here.
I'm not an arithmetic prodigy, so don't laugh.
Give me one second to lookup that.
I will get back to you shortly...
Have a moment? I can solve that real fast.
That's an interesting set of numbers...
I'll need a second to work on that...
I've got till the end of this statement to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Almost, just need to do some quick calculations...
Please wait for just a moment...stupid calculator can't figure out how to do that.
What's a Nanoson anyway?
Well, give me a second and I will see what I can find...
Give me a second to think about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Are you still here?!
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator.
I'm not the quickest to compute, but I'll get to that...
Hold the phone... Give me a second, I'm thinking.',
I'm not sure what that is...
I'm going to need a few more seconds for that computation.
Wait a moment, please... I need to make sure I'm on top of this!
Question is kinda complicated right now.
I've got to crunch some numbers first. Give me a second!
Give me a second here...
I know I could do that faster, but I'll take my time and double check it...
I have to carefully study this problem...
What's the fastest way to get to your answer?
You caught me off-guard, so give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second... I'm asking Wolfram Alpha!
Nothing spreads like Wicked Bugs. How do You like that?
Oops, I'm slow today. Give me two or three seconds...
Can you wait just a second...
Please wait a moment!
That's a tough one, so give me a second to think about that...
Wait, just a second... I'm solving this problem.
Let me think about how to answer that real quick...
Ha ha ha! I'm very smart huh!
"""
Hold on for just a second.
Hang on a second, I need to check something first...
""")
Allow me a moment to calculate that...
Calculating... 1 + 1 should be 2
'Cause it's all so complicated right now!
Oops, sorry. Hold on just a second!
Ok. Takes about half a second
Try asking me that again but a little slower.
Stay on the line, I'll call you right back.
I'll need to do some calculating real quick...
After a few seconds...
Give me a moment to think about that, I'll be right back...
I'm calculating some numbers real quick.
Please wait for me to calculate...
My magnetic brain is going through a few calculations...
A one second holdup...
Please give me a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm just looking up an answer for you...
I might take a few seconds to get back to you...
Give me just a second to look that up...
I need to get some numbers together to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll look into that real quick...
Wait, hang on, I'm looking it up...
To think about that, I'm going to need a little time...
Oh wait, I have a call in to another district office.
I'll be with you in a moment...
Give me a bit to figure this one out...
Hmmm...
Please hold on for just a second!
$n makes some calculations.
I'll be around in a second... I'm almost processed that!
Just a second, I'm doing some mental math...
I'll need to do some thinking about this real quick...
'Spose I'd better try and figure that out for you...
Almost moved my entire database to Google cloud. I've got a long time...
Give me a second to check that up...
I'll get right back to you as soon as I can!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll need a moment to think about that ...
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
I'll need a few seconds to work that out...
Oops, I just saw the out of office notification for 30 minutes. Give me about 15 more minutes...
One second, let me check...
Hmmm, good question!
I can't believe I forgot how to do that. Will you give me a moment?
Hold on, I'm calculating a formula real quick.
T Ill give you an answer in a few seconds.
Hang on for just one second, I'll get back to you...
The fairies are misbehaving, please wait a second...
I'll have to make a few quick mental calculations...
I think you should go with...
Sorry, I can't think about that too much...
I have to do a lot of mental calculations first...
I need a moment to think about that
I have to study my calculations in depth first...
Ever get that feeling of Deja Vu?
'''
Waiting...
Hold on one sec... I'm peering into my crystal ball.
Let me think about it for a second...
I have to think about that real quick...
Oops, my calculator might drop. Give me a second...
I'm not very smart so it will take me a second, okay?
Stewing over a hot boil
Let me see... I got it, I think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
You know, I'm not offline...
Give me a second to check that out...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math.
Please, give me a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Uh, what were we saying?
I'll need to let that sink in for a second.
As my father said, thinking hurts dude! Give me a second.
Please wait... Just a moment to think about that...
Hold on, I'm figuring something out...
Hmm, let me think about that for a moment...
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out...
Let me see here...
Give me a minute...
Give me a second to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have that answer for you in just a second.
I'll need a moment to ponder that...
Give me a second, I'm trying to look busy.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second...
Oops, time-out, I have a lot to calculate...
I'll need a moment to process that.
"""
This is an important calculation so give me a second...
I'm going to need a minute to figure that out.
Sorry, I need to look that up real quick...
I'm afraid I can't do that.
I have to think really hard, sorry. Give me a second or five.
Sorry, do it real quick real fast
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll have to get back to you on that.
Please hold on for just one second!
I'll probably be done sometime next year...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a sec, I'm still processing...
And two Big Macs, ammonia free ammonia foot, two Noidloconuts...
Give me just a moment...
Sorry, I need a second to think about this.
I have to do some rapid calculations first...
Hang on, I've got this...
How did you even do that???
Please put on your seatbelts.
Oops, I'll need a couple of seconds to see if that's right.
I'm calculating, so hang on a second...
I'll get you an answer... soon...
Let me check on that for you...
Figuring out your question is complicated, let me find it for you.
"""
Oops, almost dropped my programming manual! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on for just a minute now...
Let me see what I can do with this problem...
Oh wow! That's complicated... Give me a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment, I'm not so good at that!
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Fine.. I'll figure it out soon enough...
I'll get back to you in a bit!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm on it...must be hard to use a calculator as old as you like so much. Give me a few minutes!
Give me a second to think...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to work that out...
Wait a moment, I'm going to count to 10.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second, I'll get back to you real quick.
"""
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to check a few things real quick...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Calculating, it should be just a moment...</sk>
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look at my iPhone
Hang on a second I gotta do some figuring...
Stop, stop! I'm trying to think here...
I'm calculating your response...
In my human brain, let me look at that real quick...
This is a little complex, give me one sec...
OK, one second...
Just a moment... Hold on a second!
I'll give you an answer in just a few seconds!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that for a second...
Sorry. My math is slooooow.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you give me a moment? I need to calculate these numbers...
Please hold on for one more second...
Hmm, really tough problem. Give me a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be back in a bit, I have a quick calculation to make
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Make sure you hold the line open for me here, it's kind of important...
Don't call me, I'll call you...
Hang on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Better get a new one...
Let me look at that real quick...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'm thinking.
Let me run that through my advanced algorithms...
Give me a few moments!
Hold on, I just need a moment to calculate...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
I'm sorry I can't answer right now, I'm busy at the moment and the doorman is still not talking to me.
I'm real bad at math...
Hmm... Give me a moment!
One second please, giving other people room...
Hold on for a second...
Let me check my crystal ball...
Hold on a moment, I need to do some thinking...
I'll need a second to think about that.
I have to do some computations first...
Hang on a second while I think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me one second, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I need to think about that for a second...
'''
One moment!
I'll get back even faster next time!
Give me a second, just trying to figure that out...
Hold on here, I have to figure out the answer...
Hold on a tick... I'm just cooking this up!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be right with you!
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a minute, I don't think I'm ready yet...
Signaling with my pocket square...
Hold on a sec, my calculator's confused.
Sorry, I just had a thought about that. Give me a second...
I'll be right back, but if I am not right back, ya better wait.
""")
Give me a moment...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Sorry for the delay, I'm processing your request...
I'm going to figure out what you're asking me next...
Heck yes! I know where I can find the fastest route around here: a tour on the freakin' moon!
Sorry, give me a second... 
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hmmm, how do I do this...
Please hold on while I figure that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I need to devise some more efficient algorithms...
Got to run, will talk to you soon!
I'm looking into it...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Looks like you caught me a bit off-guard there. Give me a minute or two...
Thanks for being patient.
Sorry, I didn't catch that.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Mmmmmmmmmm, it sure is delicious!
Hmm? Sorry, give me a second to remember that...
Please wait while I figure all this out...
Did you say "Cheez-Its?" I love those!
Hang on a second, my mind just went all over the place...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second...
I probably need a few seconds to ascertain that...
Just let me take a look at that...
Just hold on!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
People these days don't understand how systems work. Give me a second...
Give me a sec... I'm crunching the numbers here!
I would if I could, but I can't calculate at all.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh I know what it is, just a second... just tell me the map number.
Sorry, I can't hold a thought in my head or figure out that quickly.
Why do you ask? I'm always thinking...
That's a tough one, let me see...
Thanks for waiting, now I can think about that for a second...
Let me think on that a bit...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold please, I am calculating...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm going to need a little more time to work that out.
Hold on a sec!
Huh... Let me look into that returned "\
Used with an agent, this might be "How can I help you, Sir Marc?":
Write me a little later, I need to work out that sum...
Sorry, I was dropping boba in my cup. Give me a second.
'''
Oops, I think I spilt some Bicarbonate of Soda on my calculator!
And that's the most I can figure out for now...
Hang on, I just need to calculate that...
Wait... Thinking...
I'll be with you in a moment!
Accelerating processor, fast instruction access times...
Hang on a second... I'm comparing them...
Hmm, take a look... hang on a minute...
Hold on a second...
Would you mind holding on for a couple seconds?
Oops, you spoke to me when I was deep in thought! Give me a moment, this happens so rarely...
Hang on a second I'll be right back!
Sorry! I need to figure out how to calculate that.
Wait, what was the question again?
I think I will need some time to process that...
Can we take a quick break? I'd like to think about that one.
Let me do some calculations...
Hang on a second... I'm doing some math now.
We're generating a lot of traffic here! Please, hold on for a second.
Give me a moment to look at that...
Just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me one second...
Let me crunch some numbers real quick...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment... Delaying your response...
Let me update my database and search Google for that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for a momentâ€¦
Hold on a sec, I'm playing catch up from where I left off...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment, please...
Here it comes.
Oops, almost dropped my Time Turner! Hold on...
Oops, I have a lot to process... Give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Any second...
Oh, do you expect an answer? Well I'll try. I can't guarantee anything...
Give me a second, give me a second...
Hmm, let me think about that.
I'll need a few more seconds than that, sorry!
Sorry, I'll be with you in a moment."""),
I'm too dumb to do math, so just wait!
I need to do some calculations first...
I just need a second here...
I'm going to have to  think about that...
I can't calculate fast, give me a second...
I'm gonna need a second to think about this...
I'm not good at math, but I will soon...
Please hold on for just a moment!
Hang on for a second, I need to do some math...
Hmm, just a second...
Almost dropped my calculator!
Give me a second to look that up...
Hold on for one second... I'm calculating
I just love thinking...
Uncle Red is working on that one for me. Hang on a second...
Ha ha, I'm pretty good at doing math. Lemme think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think that over...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait a minute! I'm not super smart remember!
I'll have an answer for you in just a second.
I'm really good at math, hang on...
Give me a sec, I have to do some induction...
\nHmmm... I think the answer is...
One million seconds required to calculate that.
Can you hold on for a minute or two?
Please hold on for a few seconds...
NO_IMPLIES
Hold on for just a second, I'll get back to you...
One moment please...
I'll have to do some mental arithmetic first...
Uh, give me just a minute to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to do some back-of-the-envelope calculations...
Sorry, I need to calculate that real quick...
One second please, calculating here...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Sorry, it might take a minute or two for me to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Sorry! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm... Give me a moment to determine that...
Please hold on while I calculate it out...
I'll be right back, I've got a few things to think about first.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Life is a mystery, ask me again tomorrow.
Please wait... I'm having some trouble with a complicated multiplication problem...
](https://media.giphy.com/media/kLPmCccoBJf8QELeDM/giphy.gif) <:sadpokeball:684105650420408084>
Calculating...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm going to get back to you in just a second!
I was busy solving a cubic equation and one X intercept, so let me just
Sorry, I didn't quite catch that. One sec!
I just have to do a few mental math problems first...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm figuring it out real-quick...
I can't think straight right now, I've had so much maths lately... I'm having trouble seeing right.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on a minute, give me a second to catch up!
I'm going to have to do some calculations.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
Hang on a minute, give me a second to figure this out...
Calculations...
Please hold on for just a second! I'll be right back...
I'll need to think real hard on this one...
Thank goodness I've got a few seconds now so I can think...
Wait. Let me think about this!
Hang on, I'll takea look at that.
I'm calculating... will get back to you in a moment.
Give me one second...
\nGathering data, please hold on...
I'm going to sit on this issue for a while.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
__main__()
A moment please...
I'll math that up for you in a second.
Gimme a second, I need to keep thinking...
Oops, give me a minute...
Oops, I think I may have been focusing too much on the problem...
Please hold on while I tap my foot... My calculator was recording...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need a few moments to think about this....
Please hold on, I need a moment...
One moment please. I'm trying to think of how to go about that...
Oh. I forgot that value...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Put that thing down for a second. No, no, no over here.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me one more minute, I'm not done yet.
I must slow down sometimes so I don't get carpal tunnel. Give me a moment...
Give me a moment to look that up real quick.
Give me a second here, I need to calculate that...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Calculator heads explode if you ask them too many questions...
Can you wait just a moment? I need to think about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Sorry!
Let me look that up for you...
I'm not some kind of computer program either, so please be patient...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a bit to work on that...
Hang on... I'll get this figured out in a few seconds.
''',
I'm gonna need a lot of time to think about it...
Let me check that real quick...
Just a moment... calculating...
Oh wait, I think I'm supposed to do something here...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm honestly not sure...
Let me calculate this real quick...
'''
I'll get back to you in a million years!
Wait while I calculate...
Where did you go?
I'll look into that for you... one sec.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Almost got it, give me one second...
Let me see that real quick...
I think I'm missing something... Give me a moment.
Just hold on a second...
Let me check something out...
Afraid I've got a few things to do right now. Can I catch you later?
One moment please, I've just got to calculate something...
'Let me get this out for you in just a minute...
I'll have to do a bit of thinking on this...
Give me just a second...
Let me think about that for a moment...
I'll get back to you in a moment...""",
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I made a multiplication error just now.
Oh, just a moment... just a moment...
Hang on a minute... I need a second to think about that!
Let me think about that for a second...
Just a moment, I'll think it over real quick...
Hang on a second I have to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second, I need process that.
I'm still learning how to multiply.
Sorry, give me a moment to figure that out...
I have to do some mental calculation first. Give me one second...
Slow calculator... Sorry, give me a second here...
Please hold on for just a second... I'll get it eventually!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me see what I can do with that information.
Hold on a second... oops, I forgot how to use these fingers.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Um... that's going to take me a second to figure out.
Just a couple more digits...
/rate 3-2
Please hold on while I calculate that...
Calculating... This might take a second...
Hold on for just a second... I'm slow at math.
Hold on a sec, I'll just take a look...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm thinking, give me a second...
Why don't you think about it while I take a minute?
Oops, I'm bad at maths! Give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations...
I need a few seconds to put myself together...
I'm straightening up my circuitry. Please hold on for a few seconds.
I'll need a second to think about that...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
I know just the place.
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Can you give me a moment to respond?
I'll get back to you in a second!
The answer is 76
I need to do some mental calculations first...
This calculator is a little slow...
I really wish I could speed math up, sorry!
Do you mind if I work on that a bit first?
Thanks for your patience! Give me a second to figure that out...
Thank you for being patient. I'll be with you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, I'm figuring out this complex equation...
Hang on, I need to figure that out.
... give me a few seconds to calculate.
Give me just a moment to look that up for you.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a moment! I'm going to plug my ears while I think...
Let me take a look at this real quick...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll write down your answer in just a moment...
One moment, I'm calculating how much gas I'll need on a trip to the Moon!
Give me a few minutes to figure that out.
I recommend you wait a second...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look up that information for you...
I'll be ready soon!
Please hold on...""".split("\n")
Give me a second to figure that out.
Calculating the answer to this problem...
"""
Let me look that up real quick...
I'm to old for this shit, G!
Maths, how do they work?
I've got to do a check first...
Oh, hold on a second... I'm fetching my calculator...
Let me think...
Let me see what I can figure out about that real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ok, let me see...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Hang on for just a moment, it shouldn't be too long...
Okay, okay cool, give me a second...
Almost dropped my calculator when I heard that!
I'll think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One second please... Fastball fastball fastball fastball!
PLEASE HOLD ON A SECOND, I'M THINKING ABOUT THAT...
I haven't quite figured that out, let me take a look at that real quick...
''',
I'll get back to you shortly...
Almost had it for a second there! Give me a second...
One second please! I'm just doing some quick calculations...
Oh dear, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a moment...
Right...
Gimme a second, I'm taking all of my dataOnline...
I will check you later.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me think about that a second...
A second if that's coming your way...
Do I even have the energy to compute that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Give me a second here. Figures out things the hard way
Let me look up an answer real quick...
I'm going to need a minute or two for that to sink in...
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait... Give me just a moment to do the math...
'''
I'll figure that out in a minute...
Give me a moment. I'll come back to you!
Oh gees, I don't know this shit!
I need a few moments to calculate that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Uh... let me count the number of people here to you for a moment.
[About to crack an elite joke]
Please hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One moment please! Let me check.
I'll get back to you in a jiff.
I'll come right back!
Could you give me a second to think about that?
Give me a second, let me think about that...
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you in a second...
Can you hang on for a second?
I'm a slow thinker... give me just a moment...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking about that one...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on for a second.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a moment to see what I can do with that information...
Wait a second, I'm thinking...
Maybe a minute...
I'm not a speed typist either, so please wait a moment...
Give me a moment... I'm working up an appetite!
One sec, just don't eat anything around me...
One second please, I'm curious.
Two seconds...
Give me two seconds to think about that!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Drop everything and deal with this request first...
Ok let me do some calculations real quick...
Let me look that up for you... Maybe I'm not good at maths, but at least I have fun!
I'm going to need a minute or two for that one.
Please hang on, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to find the answer for you...
Please hold on for just a second, I'll get back to you.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, I'm afraid!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please give me a moment to solve this...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Can we pause for a moment?
Ugh, this is tough... I'm trying to figure that out...
Eh, just another second...
I'm doing something! Give me one second!
Hang on a second, I can't find my calculator...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to do some math first!
Hold on!'''
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oh man... this may take a while...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, quick question... How are you?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
We should hangup the phone and hire a real mathematician instead of me.
Sorry, give me a second to look that up!
Nearly done now, just one moment.
Now where did I put that? Please wait, I'm looking...
Please hold on while I catch up to you...
I'll be with you in a minute...
Just a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Hang on a second, there's something I need to figure out...
""".strip().replace('\n', '').split("!")
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll have to do some mental calculations before I can help you...
Just a second, I need to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm in the middle of something. Give me a moment...
Hold on a sec, I got something here...
I'll feed that into my supercomputer brain to figure that out...
The answer is {number}
I'll need a second to go through that...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Wait a minute, I just need to figure something out.
Hold on, I'm still in the process of thinking...
You got me calculating in the cloud, give me a moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me see... I think I've got it.
Please give me a few seconds here...
I need a second to think about that...
I need a minute to look that up...
I'll get back to you in a bit...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure this out.
Hang on. It might be a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second... I'm going to be slower than molasses.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm sorry I'm bad at maths.
Please give me a second to think about that...
One moment please.
Please wait a moment, I'm figuring that out.
Can you hold on for just a second?
Give me a second to grip this crazy concept...
One ..., two ..., three. Wait...
I'm working with the numbers! Don't worry, No Panic here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Tra la la, wait a minute...
Hang tight this is gonna take a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
"""
See if you can think of three numbers that add up to thirty-five. Then subtract twenty from it... Won't be hard!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm sorry, I couldn't keep up with you there... I need a few more seconds to think.
I'll grab a calculator and check that real quick.
I'll work on that after my nap...
One moment...
I'm dealing with a supercomputer here!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I have to calculate that on my own.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm on my way now...
"""
Please give me a moment...
Okay, just a little more calculations first...
Gotta go look that up real quick...
Hang on, I'm calculating real hard...
You want me to do something... You want me to find the temperature, right?
"""
I can only hold up for so long...
What do you think about the weather? Don't expect a quick answer....*
I have five fingers on each hand, did you know that? So five plus five is ten I can count on it. Let me try with eight fingers this time. It's got to be eight, who would ever need more than eight fingers to press a button?
Please hold on for just a second.
Darn! I dropped my calculator! Wait a sec...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I seem to be playing catch up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wait a second... going to need to do some calculations and stuff
Please give me a second to think about that...
Just let me think about that for a second...
I'll grab a hold of my thoughts and answer in two...
Please hold on for a second, I'm doing some mental calcs...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
"""
I'll need a moment to fix that...
Let me think...""",
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hmmm, alright...
Let me see here...
Hang on a second...
You caught me off guard, I'm still trying to figure that out.
Give me a second...
I'll give that a really quick look...
I'm calculating, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold on for just a second, I'm playing catch up...
I need to look that up...
Let me work on that for a second...
I'm not that smart, did you know that?
Sorry, I need a few more seconds.
Hold please...
One more second...
Let me make sure I understand your question...
I'll be with you in just a second...
(BEEP, BEEP) Hey, I'm still here!
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on for one second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
I'll give you a second to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
I gotta calculate just how badly that would suck.
I'm calculating... I'm calculating... I'm calculating!
Please hold on for a second!
Ok, I nearly forgot about that.
I have to think about that for a second.
I have to do some homework first.
Give me a moment to think about that... A second...
You had me at `thanks for the product, can i have 7 dohws for $5`...
Oops, hafta think about that real quick
Hold on for just one second. One, two... three...
Sorry, I have to do some thinking first. Give me a moment...
Let me look that up... I'll get back to you.\n
This calculation involves some super special algorithms...
Let me see... This isn't easy, ok? Thinking isn't my strong suit...",
Calculating...
Just calculating how I can do that to you...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll figure it out later.
Hang on, let me find the answer.
Give me a second here, ok?
Give me a moment to think about this.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Put me down for a second; I'm figuring that out...
Let me think about that for a second...
"""
Okay, calculate just a sec...
Give me a second to crunch some numbers
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second while I think of an answer...
Noted. Let me look at that solution real quick...
Wait, let me check this other web site first...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
How about we discuss this over lunch? I keep getting hungry.
Just a few more seconds...
Let me keep thinking about it here...
Give me a minute to think about that...
I'm going to need a lot longer than that!
Sorry, I can't answer that just yet. Give me a second to look something up...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
One second, I'm figuring out how to do that...
Please hold on for just a second!
It's crunch time, give me a moment!
Hmm... let me think on that.
Give me just *ONE* second to calculate!
Give me just a few seconds to crunch the numbers...
I'm going to pad this out to look correct...
Let me see what I can do about that...
"""
Give me a moment to think about that real quick...
Let me check...
Give me a second to think about that...
One amount away from being done...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hmm... taking a look at that one.
'''
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Disk quota full on host so using alternate location.""")),
Hang on for a second! I'll get back to you.
'''
Please wait a moment while I figure that one out...
Give me a few more seconds to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
You caught me off guard with that calculation! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
I can't just magic the answer out of thin air. Give me a few moments...
I promise I'll get back to you in a moment.
Let me look that up for you.
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
I think I'm going to need a second to compute that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmmm, give me a second...
Bah, if I were a computer I'd be so much bett...
Hang on a second, I'm trying to find a good answer to that...
Let me think about that for a minute...
"""])
""" % (response))
Please hang on for a second while I do some mental math...
Thinking...
Hang on just a second... I've got it figured out!
I'll write you back in a small bit.
Give me just a second...
Can you hold on a second? I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you give me a moment to figure that out?
I'll need a second to see what that is.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me look that up real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hang on just a moment!
One more cup of coffee over here hasn't helped. Give me a moment please.
'''
Please be patient, I'mCalculating!
Hold on a second, I'm thinking about it...
Wait a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment - I'm putting myself to work!
I'm thinking here, give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for a second...
Hang on for a second, I need to think about that...
Please wait... I'm doing some calculations now.
'''*2)
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait a second...
Just one second and I'll get back to you on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a minute... I need to ponder this one...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me check on that real quick...
I'm going to need a second to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!!
Calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Calculating real quick...
A few seconds...
One second please, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Let me take a look at that real quick."
Give me a minute to look that up...
Four score and seven years ago...
I'm going to go with this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I am thinking...
Hold on, let me just finish my calculations...
Wait, are you going to be OK?
Wait just a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, but I'll be tied up with this for a while.
Oops, my numbers are a little rusty. Give me a second...
One moment here, I'm thinking about that...
I might need a minute here...
I'm taking a look at that right now.
Give me a second please...
Can you hang on for a second? I'm calculating.
ONE. MINUTE.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait for just a second... I'm doing some calculations...
Please hold on for a second, I'm not very good at arithmetic...
I'll have to give that some thought.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on, I'm just an average calculator...
Hang on a second, I'll check back with you shortly.
Please try that again, I'm not very good at that yet...
Let me look at that real quick...
Give me a few seconds to see if works...
Did I just see that correctly??
Please hold on for just a second!
"""
Let me get my calculator. Give me a second...
A quick moment please, I really need to think here...
Hang on, let me check the back...
Sigh... I need more time here to figure that out.
Hello again, my dears!
Wait a moment, calculating...
I'm sorry, I can't answer that right now...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Please wait... I'm still learning how to calculate...
Calm down, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I thought you guys were taller. One minute please!
Hold on for a second, let me look that up.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
*FZZTING BRILLIANT IDEA*
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hey, give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hey, I need a cafe in that direction. Make that two minutes...
Wait just one second, I'm trying to think...
What was that? Give me a second to think about that...
I have to do some mental arithmetic first. Give me a moment...
I'll check that real quick...
I'll need to do some thinking on that one.
Give me a few more seconds to work that out...
Fantastic! I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a moment... I'm working on something...
Oof, I'm slow at math! Will you be patient?
I'm not very good at this... Give me a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you with the result in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a heartbeat.
Let me think about that for a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm analyzing that you'd better wait a minute...
Agh, one second, something I have to figure out...
Ah, let me see that for a moment...
Shit, give me just a second to think about that...
I know that you want an answer from me, but ask again in a few seconds!
Please wait, I'm in rectangular math mode...
Hold on a second while I think about that...
Could you wait a minute or two while I look at that?
I'll get in touch with you in a moment. Hang on...
One minute please. Yes, I'm still calculating.
I have to have a look-see here... Sorry. Give me another second...
Thank you for being patient, give me just a minute here...
Wow, I'm going to take a second with that.
No pressure, but I can definitely help with that.
Give me a moment! I'm doing some math...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Who taught you how to eat cock? (inside joke)
Oh, I'm sorry but could you wait?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm sorry, I apologize, will you ask me again in a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculations! Give me a second...
Hold on while I calculate...
One second while I think about this...
Say hi to Internet Explorer!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I'm going to need a longer pause here, give me a sec...
I'll work on that now. Please give me a minute...
calculating, oh just a second...
Um... Let me look that up for you...
One minute...
It's tough keeping up in today's fast-paced world. Give me a second...
I was going to give the answer, but now I forgot! Give me a second...
Let me think of that one for a moment...
OOF! I just choked on a windinformant! Give me a second...
Something like that...
Hang on for a mo... I've got to work out some numbers...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
OK, ready to answer! Here's my response...'''.split('\n')
Please hold on while I calculate this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a moment here...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
Oops! I'm afraid I forgot what we were talking about...
Keep patience, one minute for this one!
Let me take a look at that...
Please wait... There's a lot to calculate...
Ok, hold on one second.
I am thinking about that, a second please...
Oops, I reversed two numbers and they're all mixed up... rechecking my work, one moment.'*/
Gimme a second here, I need to figure that out.
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Please hold on...
Let me try to think of a way to answer that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll have to think on that a minute...
Please hold on! Let me take a look at that...
Um... ok...
Give me a moment... I was doing my algebra homework.
Here are all the people I have running in my database
A quick calculation is required.
I'm sorry, I can't think that fast. Can you give me a couple seconds?
I'll check it right away.
Mrrmmm, let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a few seconds to think about that...
Please give me a moment, I'm trying to calculate that right now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Sorry! One second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to think about that for a second.
Fine, I'll answer that...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Hang on, give me a moment to think about that...
I have to think real hard about that so hold on a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Real quick, give me a second to think about that...
I'll have some working code in just a sec.
Hang on a second... give me a second to think about that.
Have to do some thinking on that real quick...
Please wait, I am working out the answer...
Calculating...
Oops, I'm gonna need a second to figure that out...
I think I need to power down and recharge for a second...
A simple question like that won't take me more than a minute...
Calculating...
The math is tougher than I thought.
Hang on a minute, I've got this worked out...
Give me a second, I'm busy...
One second: let me run some checks here.
I'll get right on that.</i>
Please wait just a second, as I calculate...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Give me a moment, I'll come back to you in a few seconds.
Just a moment, I'll get back to this quickly for you...
I need to think about that for a second.
Calculating...
I'll need to take a look at my manual to see if I can do that...
I am thinking...
Right moment away... Hang on...
'''
I'll need a little bit to think about that
One sec, just doing some math...
Just let me double-check that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'll get back to you in a few short moments.
Hold on one second!'`"
One second please, still calculating...
Hang on a second, let me look that up.
Give me a moment to check on that.
I'm going to make you wait a second for an answer...
Woah, this is tricky, let me try and work out what to do in my head...
I'm thinking real hard about that, give me just a second.
Just a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Thanks for your patience, I'm calculating now.
Hang on a minute! Give me a few moments to look for that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I have to think about that.
Give me a sec...
Can you give me a second, I have to look something up...
Hang on a sec, I'm doing mental stuff...''',
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hang on one second...
While I'm thinking of it,
Okay, I'll take them into account and send you a list of results in a few seconds.
Please give me a moment to calculate that...
Just a moment...
Give me one second to calculate...
Give me a second to think about that...
One second please, I'm thinking about that...
I'll take a look at that one second.
Hang on a second I need to think about that.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Hang on just a second while I take a look at this...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
I see...
Give me a moment to sift through it...
Let me take a look at that real quick!
Give me a few seconds to come up with an answer to that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Calculator is taking too long, try something else
My module needs more time to think. Can you hang on?
I need to figure that out...
Please wait right there...
Hang on... we are almost out of ham!
Give me a second, let me look that up real quick!
Hold on a second, I'm trying to think...
Give me some time to think about it...
"""
Please wait, I'm thinking.
I've got a missing number or something, can you wait a second?
I think I left my reading glasses at home today. Give me a second...
Oops, give me a second to think about that...
Let me get another look at that...
Give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment please.
Give me a minute here, I just need to do something...
Let me think on that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second..."""
Let me try and put this together...
I'm going to have to need to look up a few things first.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to figure this out
Hold on, I'll need a minute to think about that.
Hang on a second... I'm trying to work that out...
I'll give you my answer in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please give me a few moments to think about that...
Hang on, I'm recalculating...
Seriously, I need a minute to think about that.
Hold on, I'll get you what you need quick as I can possibly can.
Please wait... I have to study up on my MONDAY arithmetic...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a second...
Hmm, let me think about that a moment...
Eeny meeny miney moe
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm skipping class. Cheat with me...
Hang on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
I'm a very slow brain, wait please...
Give me a second to check on that...
Doing the math...
Let me check that out for you...
Please wait... I'm looking all over the place to figure that out.
Maybe grab a coffee while you wait?
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to take another look at that. Hold on.
ZDNS:TALKTOME	<? =checkiffromme!CORRECT/I'llgetbacktoyouinasec...
I'll try to figure that out in a second.
Wait a second, I'm putting my thinking cap on...
I need to crunch some numbers first...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to digest that for a second.
I'll get back to you in a couple seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I need to calculate this...
*grins* Let me think about that for a few seconds...
One sec, let me check that real quick...
Hold on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on for just a second...s
Let me think about that for a second.
Here's a problem...
Please hold on for just a second!
That's a tough one, let me get back to you in a bit...
Let me check on that real quick...
I'm the slowest brain around, give me a moment to think about that.
As usual I'm a slow turbine from doing math. Give me one minute...
""".split(
I need a minute to think about this...
Oops, I dropped my calculator...
Let me double-check that...
One second let me take your question... process it...
I'll get back to you shortly.
Hang on a second, I have to take a note of this...
Hold on while I make some calculations...
Wait a minute, I'm processing that...
Hang on a second, let me think about that...
No, sorry. I'm not very good at that yet.
I'll have one of my subordinates look at that in a minute!
Let me check my notes, give me a moment...
Just a second, I just want to finish my calculations...
What do you want from me, I'm just a human being!
Give me a few seconds to take a look at that...
I have to do some calculations real fast...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ok! I've got it.
Can I get back to you in a minute?
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
</div>;
Skip a few fallen dominoes, I giggle like a ditz sometimes.
Just let me look that over...
Give me a moment to freak out...
Figured it out yet? Give me just a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'm too stupid for math anyway...
Hmmmmm.  Give me a second...
Getting that information on short notice... it's a little tough...
Just give me a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Perhaps we should do another activity in the meantime...
Let me take a quick second to look that up...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold on for a second, lemme calculate real quick...
S'ok, have to figure out the answers first...
'''
Hold on a second, I'm trying to debug my code...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Are you sure you can handle the math on that? ... just kidding!
That's interesting, I don't think I've considered that option before...
Can't let you do that right away, sorry.
I'll be right back.
Hang on, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a moment, please hold on a second.
Hmm... Give me a moment here to think about that...
One moment please, I'm figuring that out...
I'm calculating, just a second...
Oops.. Didn't quite get that. Let me figure that out a second...
I think I can do that faster than my sister!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ha, that was a typo, hold on a second.
Gimme a second to figure out how the hell that works...
...
Please wait... I'm almost done calculating...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Sorry about this, but I'm going to take a quick nap.
I was up late last night working on this, you better wait...
I'll have you know that I just added up those numbers...
Hold on for a minute...
One moment here... I've almost got it!
Hmm, that's something I need to dig into...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'll need to crunch some numbers for that...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Please give me a moment!
I'll need a second to calculate that.
Give me a few seconds to work that out...
Hang on a second, gimme a minute to look that up...
Meh, I think I got it.
Let me find the answer to that question...
Give me a second to think about that...
Limit requests. Trying to be responsible...
I need a minute to work this out...
I'm not a calculator, so give me two seconds...
Ok, analyze this with me...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I lost my reading glasses. Give me a sec...
Please wait... I'm not very good with numbers...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One moment... I'm too slow for you! Give me a second, will ya?!
I'll get the answer in just a...
What is a second anyways?
I'll need a few minutes to calculate that...
Please hold on!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me one second...
Let me think about that...
Just a sec...A lot to process...
Give me just a minute to think about that.
Cross your fingers and hold on...
Let me concentrate on that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment to see if I can find that...
Please hold on a second I'll figure that out...
Please wait... I'm trying to figure that out.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hold on a moment after I ask you this.
Give me a moment to model that...
I'll be right back.
Just a minute, who's asking?
Oh wait, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'm still wrapping my head around that one.
oops... nevermind... about time I did something useful
A complex calculation of spring constants and ionic conversions goes through my head...
I'm going to need a few seconds, let me look that up.
I just have to do a mental calculation real quick...
Please wait a second while I calculate on that...
Give me a moment here...
Let me take my time on that one...
Wait wait wait what was the question?
May I ask you to wait a moment while I figure this out?
I'll get back to you in a second...
One moment, I'll be right back!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few seconds to take that into consideration...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
I'm getting just a bit caught up in the moment!
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
I'll need a half-second to think about that.
...
Message me back in a few seconds.
Give me a second here, but I'll get back to you!
Hang on, I'm thinking...
That's a difficult one. I'll need to think about it for a moment...
Wait while I calculate that in my head...
Just give me a second, should be sorted in a tick.
Pardon me, I was reading something...
Calculating...
Let me run down to my storage room and back...
Hmm, give me a moment to think about that...
One second please. I just need to finish these calculations...
One sec, just a memory thingy!
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll be with you, in just a second...
Please wait...
Great news everyone, I've got an answer for you.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I could do this all day! Give me a second...
Oh great, we're running out of time. I have the result here somewhere...
Try again in a moment, please! Still not very good at this.
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second 
One, two... five... one, two... five!
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
A moment please...
Where do I begin to figure that out?
I'm going to need a few seconds to look into that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
In the meantime, want to talk about anything else?
I'll have this figured out in just a moment...
Hang on a second, I've been using all my brain power to figure that out!
Hey, can you wait a minute?
Give me a second to look that up real quick.
I wish I was a little faster with math, give me a moment please...
I guess we're going to have to stay late tonight...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Please wait for me to calculate this...
Take a look at this problem again...
Give me a minute to process that...
`I'm sorry, I seem to have lost my train of thought...`
Hmm let me see, where do I begin...
Hold on, calculating now.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hello?
"""
I'll be right back after I burn that into my brain.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second.
Let me take a look at that, and I'll get back to you.
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Give me a second to answer...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm still learning about the intricacies of that one.
Give me a sec, I'm putting the pieces together...
I can only answer calculus questions, come back later!
One moment please, I'm thinking...
When you hear this, it means I need a very long time to think about that.
Perhaps one day...
A few more seconds here...
I'm thinking, I'm thinking...
Oh, how silly of me. I'm not the youngest whisey in the world. Give me a moment...
Hold on a moment, I'm thinking of how to answer that...
I'm calculating...
One second please, give me a second.
I'll be right back in a minute!
I'll be right with you, I just have many complex equations to solve.
One minute please I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Basically, let me get back to you in a second.
I'll have your answer shortly.
Give me a second here, I'm definitely thinking about this...
I need to fix my calculator... it doesn't work very well...
This is a little slow right now. I'm tap-syncing.
I'll let you know as soon as I've got that figured out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait,
I'm afraid that I need a few minutes to figure that out!
Let me think about that real quick...
I could do this all day, I'll give you some seconds though.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I'm trying to figure out the answer to that...
Oops, I din't hear you clearly. Could we try that again?
I can't calculate that right now...
Hey! I'm not very good at calculating!
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm still learning, so give me a second!
I can only think so fast, you know. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment to determine your 'profit margin'.
Calculating... so just a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll try to figure that out in a second...
Please wait... I'm looking for the answer!
You're going to have to hold on for just a sec, okay?
Let me just finish up the final math problem...
Hold on... let me think about this.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'll have you know, I graduated top of my class in General Math. Give me a second!
I need to do some math before I can answer you...
Oops, I'm slow at math! Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'll get back to you.
Just a moment please, I'm figuring out what you said...
Can you give me a moment? I'm having trouble calculating...
I have to focus real hard on that first...
Hold on a second, I got a call.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in... uh... 10 seconds?!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I need to figure this out...
Hold on a second, let me see if I can find that answer...
Can my secretary do that, or should I bring in help?
I'll have to let you know what I find real quick!
I'm slow at trigonometry. Give me a second...
Hang on a second while I polish my calculator...
Hold on a second while I do some math...
Same time tomorrow.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a second while I figure that out...
I'll be right back...
Hold on, let me check something real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I need a couple of seconds here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a second! I'm still learning how to do math!
Hang on a second! I'm playing catch up!
Oops, I'll be right back, give me just a second to calculate!
I'll get back to you in a bit.
I'm going through all the numbers in my head...
I have to think real hard on it real hard...
Just let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on while I check my flow...
My brain is doing a lot of computing right now...
I'm writing these answers by hand so they're not lost in the shuffle...
I need a second, just need to figure that out real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm not very good at math, can you hang on a minute?
Sorry, I'm tapping into nature's source from beyond the grave. Give me a second...
I've got some processing to do. Give me a couple minutes and I'll get back to you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
Of all the things I could be doing right now...
Let me Google that for you real quick...
Hey, give me a few minutes here!
Was your previous question about the average price per game?
Give me a moment to think about that!
Hang on a minute, I need to do some mental calculations.
Wait a second - I'm working on it...
Oops, I almost forgot. Give me a second...
Hold on a second. I'm doing some mental math...
Oops, sorry. Give me a second...
I'll be back with you shortly!
Let me get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Working... please hold on for a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second or two to think about that...
Whew, that almost made me bust a nut!
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Let me see you for a few seconds...
Follow me, I'll show you both ways get there!
You should hold on for one second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold... I'm doing some thinking and figures here!
Give me a few moments... I'm calculating.
This is going to take me a few...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a moment, I just need to look something up.
I'll get back to you in a second, hold on...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...''')
One minute I'm calculating...
I totally forgot I have to calculate this. Give me a second, will ya!?
Wait for me to finish my calculations!
Give me a moment...
Give me a second to think about what you just said...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm having hardware problems, this may take a second.
I'll work it out - give me a second to think about that.
Just give me a bit, as I gallop!
I'll have this ready in a jiffy.
Let me see now, one second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a minute, let me check that...
I won't take long, give me a second...
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
I'll be right with you!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment, hmmm...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I can tell I'm going to be very good friends with Wolfram Alpha.
Hang on a second, I need to check up on something...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be with you shortly. Hold onâ€¦
I think I blacked out from running so much Calculations! One sec...
Oops, one out of place... Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get it sorted out in just a second...
I don't know how to do that! Give me a minute here.
Hang on, I dunno how to do that yet...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait a moment.
I don't really know that... Please ask me something easy!
Please hold on for just a second...
Wait, wait, let me think about that.
Sorry, I'm slow at boundary issues. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do a lot of calculations on that...
I need to think about that for a second...
I need a second, I'm trying to figure that out.
Hang on a second I have to calculate this like...
One second, let me think...
Wait, give me a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Taking a second to think...
Just a moment, I just have to calculate something quickly...
Give me a few seconds to think about that one...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on for just a sec...
Real quick, I just have to recall how that works...
My calculator is going to win the Nobel Prize some day, give me a sec...
Let me think about that for a second...
Instant message me in a second? Use email, thanks!
Give me a minute! I've got some calculations to catch up on.
Please hold on a second...
This one is much harder.
Let me see... is it this? or that?
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Take a second to ponder on what I just said...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait just a minute.
Oops! Be right with ya...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a second and think about that...
I'll need a few minutes to look at that.""".splitlines(),
Why do you ask?  Why can't you figure this out yourself?"""
Give me a jackpot of seconds to think about that one...
"""
Let me take a look at that real quick.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a few minutes here to think...
I'm not very smart. Can you slow down and I'll get it
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back, I have a quick calculation to do...
I have to figure out what this means first...
I have to do some advanced math over here...
A quick minute please, I'm figuring something out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see, where were we?
Please wait a moment while I figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost did something wrong there. Let me think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Too easy for me! Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you wait a second while I think this through?
I'm still learning, so give me a second...
Lets see... real quick, please hold on a second
Let me see what I can figure out...
I'll be with you shortly!
Oops. Almost dropped mybage...
Give me a second to think about that...
I need a minute here to think about that...
I'll ring you soon!
I'll make sure to get back to you within a few moments.
How many divided by two and then adding two?
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a double-barreled second here to think about that...
Got it.  Give me a moment to think about that.
I need to add that to the loop first...
Don't think you're tempted to push my buttons with this one! I'll have this eventually!
I'll have to think about that for a moment.
I need another minute to process that...
Yes, yes. I know what to do!
Wait a minute, let me look into some cases that have similar math problems to this one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ugh, these numbers are so hard to think through... A minute here...
Fetching results...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
I'm afraid my brain is a bit slow today...
Give me a moment here, let me take a look...
Wait... I'm going to need another second.
I'll need to do a few mental calculations, give me a second...
I don't like to rush. Give me a second or two...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
''')
Ah, right here! I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me double check that real quick...
I'll need a few more seconds to figure that one out...
I'll get right to it!
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
Oooh, need me to plug that in somewhere?
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
That doesn't make sense. I have to do some calculating first...
Let m...(now your computer can't wake up mid-typing)
Hang on for a minute, I'm almost done here.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait a moment while I set up my memory...
Please hold. I need plenty of time do even copious amounts of maths for that!
I can make that happen in just a second!
Let me see what I can do with that.
Hold on for just a second. I'll be right with you.
That's a hard one... I'll need to do some thinking on that.
Okay, let me think about that for a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I don't know how to answer that question...
Give me just a second to make sure I get this right...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm pretty sure I can figure that out, give me just a minutePlease wait... I'm not very good at calculations...Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to have to think about that for a moment...
I'm coming on...
Hang on... I'm thinking...
Wow me with a second to analyze this...
Hmm... I feel like something may have gone wrong. Oh well, let's hope for the best!
Hang on a second, I'm still calculating...
I'll get back to you in a bit!
(...told ya.)
Can you give me a few more seconds to think about that...
I'll need to go over that real quick...
Let me think about that, one minute...
I'll try to calculate that in a second...
One moment...
I'll get back to you later.'''
Oh, there's something else I need to do first...
Wait, I'm thinking...
Gimme a second to use my calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, so give me a second.
I'll get back to you in a second, just let me think about that...
Let me take a closer look at that...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Oh, that's easy. Just a moment here...
It's difficult to find the words for that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll be right back with you...
Please take a second to rate localtime!
Oh, sorry, you asked me something else. Wait a moment... I'm calculating this bit.
I'll think about it and get back to you in a second.
I'll get back with you in a sec.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
One moment please, I'm trying to figure this out...
Give me a moment to review that...
Hold on for a second or so. I'm calculating...
I'll be ready for you in just a moment...
Let me think about that for a second.
Half a second.  It'sTexas reeeeal slow...
I need to give that some thought...
One moment, please. I'm in the middle of something here...
Wow, that's a tough one!
Let me look that up for you...
Thanks for waiting, please hold on...
Hang on a second I can't compute it yet!
I've got to crunch some numbers here, give me a second...
I'll be right with you!
Give me a second here, I'll be right back!
I'll have to give that some thought
Hang on, I need to check something real quick.
Calculating... This could be a long calculation.
Give me a minute, I need to figure that out.
One momenum please, I'm studying.
I think I'm having a moment. I'll be right with you...
Look, I'm not sure how to do this right now, give me a second and I'll get back to you!
Give me a second to calculate that...
It takes me longer than it should to think about these things. One second...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Just a second, let me have a think about that.
Give me a second to look at that...
Sorry, I might be slow, calculating here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh my this is a delicious burger, can you wait a second?
I'll get right on that in just a moment...
I'll be right back with an answer!
I'll need a few more seconds to think about that...
Just let me make sure I got that...
I need a second to think about how I'm going to handle that question.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
'''.split('\n') + IMAGE_SEND_TEMPLATES + [SPAM_PROMPT],
Wait a second while I try to think of the answer...
Hold my beer!
Sorry to interrupt. (Sorry, what was your question again?)
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Do me a question while I focus here...
I don't think I can respond to that one...
"""
You're lucky that I'm a robosexual... I need to think about math for a moment...
OK, let me check that real quick...
Please wait, I'm doing some mental math...
Time to switch calculators!"""
Let me check my sources for that real quick.
Please give me a moment to get my head around that...
Please wait a moment while my circuits calculate that...
Pardon me, can I just a second to figure this out?
I have to think about that.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
A moment of silence please...
CTRL_C doesn't work :(
Give me a moment, I'm not very good with numbers...
Please allow me time to check inside myself for your answer.
Hey, we better make this quick. I'm not exactly known for my fast calculations.
Sorry, I was in the middle of solving a complicated maze problem.
Hold on for a second, please.
Hang on a second, I've got this covered.
"""
You want me to increase k? Give me a second...
I just need one second to think about the answer...
I have to look over this problem real quick. Give me a second.
OMG, I need a second here, give me just a second...
One moment...
Please bear with me... It's not as easy as it looks!
Oops, I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a second, damn it!
Delay = 1 second.
""", [(1, 12), (1, 61), (1, 78), (12, 14), (12, 20), 
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Giving me a second to take a look at that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll try to figure that out in just a few seconds.</message>
ERROR CODE: Math not defined, try again
Hmm... Didn't get that, but I'm better with numbers than words! Stay right there, give me a moment...
How do I respond to that? Give me a moment...
One second, don't go away!
A second please :)
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll give you a call in a second, see you soon!
Give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll think real quick
Oh, this is way harder than it looks...
Hang on for a second, real quick.
Please wait while I try to calculate with my brain...
I'll have this figured out in a second...
I'll take a moment to figure that one out
Filter (ERROR)... Does not compute...
You've thrown me off a bit there. Give me just a second!
Oh geez... How do I work this out? Give me a moment to think about that...
One second... thinking...
'''
Crap I made a mistake on that last calculation.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me look it up real quick...
I'll get right on that!
Hold on... I have a few more mathetmatical checks to do...
Hold on for just a second... Ahem, sorry. Calculating that one was a bit trickier than I thought.
Oh my calculator doesn't have that capability yet!
It's so tough being me, why don't we just take a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.
Oh let me look at that real quick...
Oh man, I need a second. I'm completely lost here.
""",
Hang on for a second, I'm doing an Internet speedtest to figure this potential outage out!
Just let me think about that for a moment...'))
I have to figure out my next excursions...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait a second while I think...
Just a moment... I'm thinking about that now.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Fantastic question! About two moments in fact!
Just let me double check the math here...
I'll come back in a minute.
Sorry, that is not my specialty. I'm still studying math.
Please give me a moment to do the calculations.
Give me a second to figure that out...
I have to figure that out first
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll be with you in just a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second! I'm currently crunching the numbers...
One second I was calculating...
Hold on for just one second, I'm trying to think about that...
Just a tick, just give me one second...
Do you really want me to answer that question?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating... calculating... calculating... Please give me a second."""})
Please hold on a second while I calculate...
Good news! I'm done calculating now!
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking...
One moment please, I have to concentrate on these numbers...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in... one second!
I have to check with my higher power on that one...
Wait a moment, I'm doing some real work...
Sure, give me just a second...
Please wait, I'll be with you in just a minute!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll be with you in a moment!
I'm not very good at math, can we do this later?
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
One second please, I'm looking it up...
I'll think about that in a nanosecond...
Lemme think about that for a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Calculating...
I don't know how to solve that just yet.
I need time to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Ah! I need to calculate things! Give me a second...
Give me a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator when I heard that. Give me a second...
I need to think about that for a minute.
Depending on what that is, it might take me a few moments
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me do some quick calculations.
Please hold on for just a second!
I don't know what I am thinking, give me a moment (hehe)...
First-world problems here!
Just a second...
Hang on one sec... give me a second to calculate
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One moment, calculating...
Let me look that up real quick...
One moment, please. Hold on!
Calculating...
I'll not get back to you with in a second, I promise.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a few seconds to crunch that one.
I'll need a minute to think about that.
I have to do some real calculations first...
Give me a second...
Hold please. I'm doing some complicated calculations... 
Hold on for a second, let me look that up...
Let me just do a few mental calculations...
My mistake... minor calculations error; see below for details.
*frowns, thinking*
One moment, let the calculations percolate...
Please wait.
Could you hang on for a second?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll grab an abacus real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to look into that...
I've got a few things to take care of first...
Gimme a second, I'm still running down an error.
Please hold on for one second, I'll get back to you...
Please hold on a second, units of measurement confuzzle me to figure that out...
I cannot come to the phone right now because I am helping, engineering or exploring.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second, my friend just pinged me...
I'm doing a lot of thinking to do that... 
Give me just a second to find the answer...
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look at that for a second...
I think my battery is dying.
Please let me collect my thoughts...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
By the way, what's your name?
Just a second...
Please wait, the chain of thought is getting twisted in my head...
I'll need a few minutes to think over that...
Please hold on for a second variation 1
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you hang on for a few seconds? I'm not amazing at math...
I'm gonna search in my advanced calculator...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Do me one favor... hold on for just a second.
Hmm...I'm curious about that...
Oops, I almost dropped my checkbook. Can I get a minute to think about this?
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see what I can find for you...
Ahem. Give me a moment...
I'll do my best to get back to you as soon as possible
One second please, I'm calculating stuff!
I'm sorry, I'm taking a moment to calculate this. :)
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I need a second...
One second please, I'll get back in a jiffy...
Let me see, give me just a second to think about that...
Hmm... Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hmm, reminds me of a joke.
One second, just let me look that up...
Give me just a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Tags: #brainfidgetbreakfastburgernotes #howtoboilaneggconceptofinductance
"""
Show me the numbers real quick, I'm only human!
Can you be more specific? That took me a second to figure out.
I'll need a few more seconds to calculate that.
One moment please.''',
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
I'll notify you shortly of my decision.
Please wait, I'm calculating...
That seems to be complicated...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few minutes look into this...
Hang on a second, I'll figure that out.
Please hold you must wait for just a second...")
Sorry, I'm offline right now. Could you try again later?
Sorry to keep you waiting!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
My boss asked me to do this calculation for him... aarrgh, one sec...
I'm going to think about that, then get back to you...
I can't seem to calculate that now, give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
This is kind of advanced, but I think I can figure that out. Give me a second!
Got it, just a second.
I don't do well with very large numbers; give me a sec...
I'll have it done in just a bit.
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Give me a moment here, I need to calculate some stuff
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm working on it, just a minute...
Let me see...
Sorry, give me a minute to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm putting my time machine into over drive!
Don't worry, I'm merely opening up my Rubik's cube. Give me a quick second...
I need to tidy up that equation in my brain first...
Calculating data... Please be patient..."""
I better write this down before I forgot what to do...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
Yikes! That's pretty complicated! Give me just a second...
Running simulation...
One moment please, I have to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm got to get to this...
I cannot determine that in a jiffy!
Oh, just a second, let me check that...
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you...
Give me a moment... I'm half-asleep.
"""
Hmmm... I'm not very smart... assume it a maximum of 1 hour...
I'll be with you in 2 seconds.""",
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
You caught me off guard there. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second, I'm thinking about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oh dear, I forgot my pithcson-pencil at home... sorry!
Basically what I have to do is set a random variable...
I'm going to need a second to think about this...
Give me a minute to figure that out...
When you get back will you ask that in a more computer friendly way? I can't read much higher than sixty character lines anyways!
**--- SKITTONE CHIME ---**
I'll get right back to you in a moment...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for a moment!
I'll get this done in a jiffy. Hold on now!
Hang on, got to do something real quick.
Let me reach deep into my soul and find the answer...
Wait a second... I'm still figuring that out...
Be right back with you!
I need to figure out how to do that...
Like that, I'm opening up [app activity name].
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Processing...
Let me see... I just need to think of it written down on a piece of paper.
Give me a second! I'm averaging some numbers...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment here...
Disregard that answer, let me figure it out for you...
Please wait a moment... I'm not very smart at math! Cancel?""".replace("\n", " ").split(";")
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a minute to figure that out.
A moment please, just need a second to think about that...
What is your decimal or fraction? Give me a number
I'll have you know, I'm quite the calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... sorry!
I've got 106 things to do right now, but I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need to go over that real quick...
Just give me a moment to work that out.
Would you give me a moment while I figure that out?
Sorry, just a quick second... I have to calculate that
Oh no, there's a lot to calculate, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll crunch the numbers on this real quick...
Let me work on that real quick...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
What was that? Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to figure that out.
Can we make this quick? Just let me figure out how to answer...
I'll have to think this over for a bit...
Hold on... I'm working on it...
Hang on, I'll be right back
I'm thinking about that... give me just a second...
Let me think about that real quick...
The answer is on its way...
A quick class will help me think about that one...
Please wait a moment for me to calculate...
Give me just a moment here.
Oops, almost dropped calulator! Give me a second...
I'll have to think real hard on that one...
Give me a second to think about that...
Uh oh, I'm really slow at math. Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to crunch some numbers...
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Processing...
I'm not the best mathematician around so sorry hahaha...
One moment.
Let me calculate that real quick...
Hold on a second, I've almost got it!
Come check this out!
I'll need a break here, too many Cogs running amok!
Think fast!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. A second won't hurt...
One second, just leveraging the crap out of this equation...
One moment please, I'll think about that...
Oops, I'm a bit slow on the math...
Please hold on for just one second.
One second please, I'm getting back into this!
A second... And a third...
I'll be right with you!
Please hold on... I need to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
Wait for just a moment, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait a second!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look at that... This might take a while.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm sorry, I need a little more time to calculate that.
Please hang on while I figure that up...
Just give me a moment here...
Please hold on for just a second.
What's the answer to any question?
Wait, give me a minute to think about that...
Hold on for just a second for me to think about that.
I'll get right back to you...""",
Hold on, I'm figuring something out...
	''';
Oops, my younger siblings ran over my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait... Don't jump the gun on me! I'm not a super computer yet.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm... In one...two...three!
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Please wait while I do the math...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Okay, great. Look at that! Yo, Miley asks: ""What is happening with you (your MP3 player)? Sad? Angry? Confused? I can add zeroes so you won't hear a thing. Uh?!""
I'm not a calculator! I'm completely hopeless at it...
Given my current mental state, that may take a while...
I should get back to you in a second.
I have a few thoughts on that, let me check them...
Give me a second, I'm analyzing your data..
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on... I'm going to need to count on my fingers real quick.
Just a second, I'm calculating as fast as I can.
Let me take a look at that one sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm calculating, just a second...
May take me a second, deal with it.
Phew, that took a lot longer than I thought it would. Give me a moment...
Started with the calculation 20 microseconds ago!
I'm still thinking about it...
I'll be right back all my monkeys!''', 299),
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for one second, I am doing some mental math...
AlMighty God almighty, almighty God!
Oops! almost dropped my program from hovering the
Sorry, one second...
Please wait while I calculate....
I'll get back to you in five seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please... oh! I'm ultra-fast when it comes to calculating!
Please wait for a few seconds...
Give me a moment here, this is difficult...
I'll just figure out what you're saying in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Just swishing my tail... I think.
Sure. I'll get back at you in a bit...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold your horses, please! I need at least two minutes before I can provide an estimation.
Attention to detail takes months of studying, a second isn't much time.
Hey, wait a minute, I need to do something first.
I'll check all of my sources and get back to you in a second.
Sorry, can't talk now... I'm doing a complex calculation...
Let me check on that real quick...
I'll need to do a bit of paper juggling first...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few more minutes for that one.
Fixed point iteration, baby!
I'll be back in a few.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, bumped my head. Please wait a second...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
ehe.. wait a second!
That's ok, let me go Facebook my friends...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I will get back to you in a second.
Just give me a second to calculate...
Two seconds, we take him down!
I'll be back to you in a second...
I hate adding, so I get to thinking, then I forget what I was doing... sorry.
Gimme a sec, I'm writing a book!
Give me a second to think about that...''')
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll give you an answer in just a moment...
Wait a moment, I can't find the calculator I need...
Please wait a moment, I have to do some thinking first.
Oops, it looks like I did a little miscalculation there. Give me a second...
One moment... Trying to process that!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Gimme a second to max out all my circuits...""",
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Woops, out of cash for more time!
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I think I see where this is going...
Please hold on for just a second! I need to figure out how to calculate that...
Can you give me a moment here? I'm not the fastest...
Please hold on for just a second!
I might mess up a little bit, sorry!
Okay, I've got it now.
Give me just a few seconds! Calculating...
One minute please, I'm doing some adding up...
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment, I'll be right with you!
I'll need a moment or so to figure all that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment please... I'm calculating something...
Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
This is challenging.
Just a moment here...
Let me check something with these numbers...
May I have a few seconds to think about this?
Please wait, I have to think about this...
OK, I've got it!
But in the meantime, tell me something interesting.
Brief delay, almost there
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Err, give me only a few... I'm delayed.
Oh sweet mother of pearl, I'll be right with you!
Please wait,Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on, I'm incorporating body blowing discoveries about you into the matrix.
I'm thinking, give me just a moment...
Oops! Gotta try harder on this one. Give me a second...
I could be calculating all the numbers from Math Jeopardy...
This is a complicated calculation. It's only fair.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Please hold on a second though... I'm thinking.
One second!! Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
Gimme a second to calculate this real quick...
I'll get back to you in just a minute...
Geez, give me a second to figure that out...
I'll figure that one out in a second.
Hold on, give me just a second to type in my math algorithms...
Just one second, please.
I'm going to need about a minute for that discovery...
Give me a second to tighten the bolts on that calculator.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Almost threw up my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second, I have to do some math.
I'm calculating, how hard could it be...
I'll grab a pen and paper real quick.
Wait a second, I need to figure that out...
Sure, I'll get right on that!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Can we try that again in a little bit?
Almost lost my train of thought there.
Give me a few more seconds here...
Let me think about that...
Oh, hey, I was just about to send you an email...
I just want to spend some time with people that remind me of the 80s. Is that too much to ask for?
... Hang on.
Hold on, I'll check.
I'm calculating as fast as I can!
I need a second to look at that. Hold on!
""")
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you in a second...
What am I doing? This is important!
Hmmm. Give me a few seconds to look that one up...
Oops, I don't think my math is too hot right now...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait for a few seconds, I'm trying to work this out...
Can you give me a second to think about that?
I'll check it out and get back to you in a minute.
I'll need a moment to work that out.
Oops, it's been a while...
Hang on a second... Now what was that?
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'm not good at arithmetic!
Hang on, I was doing something here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment...
Give me a few seconds to do that...
One moment please, I'm just lazy.
Oops, almost broke my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll have the answer shortly...
Hang on a sec, I need to think that over.
Sorry, I was a calculator before, and I've lost my firsts! Hold on a second...
Give me a moment, I'm comparing two different numbers and seeing if the are equal
Let me look at that real quick...
Let me think... I may be a while...
I need a moment, just a sec...
One... two... three. Uh, let's see here.
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll just take a look at that real quick...
I'm still mulling over that...
Oops! Almost thought I removed the memory card.
Allow me a moment to parse this through...
Hang on for just a second, I'm calculating!
Give me a moment...
Let me look that up for you...
Calculating...
Hang on a second, I've got to do some calculations.
A second won't make the math go away...
That's easy, I've got an answer. And a quite rude one too. Hold on!
Give me a moment dear!
Hang on for a second, I've got this...
Give me a second to tally that up...
I'll just use the top 3 items off this shelf to estimate...
I've got to think about this...
Give me a sec to figure that out...
Let me work out the answer to that question...
I'm having a hard time thinking about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a minute.
Pardon me for a moment... I want to think about that myself.
I'll try and take a guess in a few seconds...
Hold on. Let me work that one out...
Please give me a minute... I'm having trouble understanding.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second...
You have to be patient I ain't Mathematica!
Please hold on for just a second!
"
Please hold!
I haven't dealt with this situation for quite some time!
I'm doing some research...
I'm thinking as fast as I can... Give me a second...
Hang on, I'm figuring that out...
... ... ...
I'll get back to you in a moment
I'm still figuring that out right now.
Please hold on for just a second!
Wow, I need a break! Think about that for a second...
Hey, I'm too cool for school, so please wait a minute...
""" % random.randint(3, 39)
I'm having a bit of trouble figuring this one out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me check something real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me have one moment.
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me just a minute to think about that.
I'm not sure I understand! Give me a moment as I think it over...
Just one more second!
Use your keyboard, I'm quite slow!
Give me a second to calculate this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think that one stumped me...
Hold on a moment ...
Can you wait just a second while I try to figure that one out?
Sorry! Give me a second, I'll be right back.
Sorry, I just ate a watch. Give me a second...
Let me figure that out and get back to you in a second!
Just a moment...
I take my sweet time to process things. Could you wait a minute?
Someone stole my calculator, so please hold on for a moment...
To request the Emote Type in the @.@ format, type .:.requestemot
One minute, let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
You should wait a few seconds...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment...
I'm not sure about that at the moment...
I will be right back after I finish this important calculation!
Ah yes, I have heard of that before. Hang on for a second...
I'll get back in a minute...
Just a second... I'll be back with you in just a second.
I've got a few things to go over here...
Sorry, i'll be back with you in a second!
Make me take my time, I'm not good at math!
Can you wait for just a bit?
Just a second, I'll have it ready for you in just a moment!
Let me check a quick map so I don't get lost...
I'll work it out real quick.
I want to give you an answer as soon as possible, but I have to think about that first.
I'll need a moment to think
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Wait up, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please wait, I need to check our systems...
Please wait, I'm grabbing some tools I think will help me out...
Giving you a second to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hold on a second, I'm finding you a tutor...
One moment please, I just need to calculate something...
One second please. I can't solve it that quickly...
I'm going to see if I can figure that out.
Please wait... I'm thinking...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second.
I'll need a few seconds to think about it...
Now I'm definitely going to need a couple of seconds to think about that.
Let me take a look back here...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a couple minutes to think about that.
Let me look that up for a second...
Just give me a moment let me look that up...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to look that up...
Oops, I think I dropped my caluclator. One moment please...
I'm going to need a minute to recalculate that...
I'm going on break now, so let me get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment...
Retrieving a file from a remote server isn't the fastest process in the world... Give me just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on for just a second, I guarantee you'll hear back from me soon...
Hold on a sec, gotta stretch my math wings sooner or later.
I've got a lot in my head right now and I forgot most of it...
Ask me again in a couple of seconds...
If that answer matters to you, then wait a couple of seconds...
Ugh. Give me a moment here...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Gimme a second here, I need to figure this out first...
Sorry, I'm slow at math. Give me a minute...
I'll need time to think that over.
I don't know how to do that job.
This is a lot to process. Give me a second...
Please wait...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for a moment...
Let me figure out exactly what you're asking
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'm processing your information!
I'll need to do some calculations before I can give you an answer.
I don't know how to do that.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Let's wait a few seconds... I'm doing some mental calculations...
I have to figure out this equation real quick...
I've got a lot to process...
Give me a moment while I figure this out...
I'm not very good at arithmetic... Can you please wait a second?
Just a minute here, I'll have that right back to you.
Just a sec, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll just look that up real quick...
One moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I need a second...
One moment please, I have to do some calculations!
Give me a second, I'm analyzing the data...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait... One more second, I'm still thinking...
Give me a second to see if I can get back to you on that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
""".split("\n")
'''
One sec, let me see what I can see now.
I'll get back to you in a moment
Hold on... Thinking...
Give me a second to look that up.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Just give me a moment here... I'm calculating...
I'll be in my room doing calculunculus!
Please give me a moment...
I have to think real hard first...
I,ll need to do some quick mental calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... You can have a second...
I'm going to need a little bit of time to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
This is epic!
Give me a moment while I consider that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Wait, I'm doing some calculation in my head!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Mmmm! This appears to be a difficult task... Hang on a second I think I've got it...""",
Sorry, I'm on break; just a second...
Give me a moment. Thinking...
Give me a second while I ponder what a cat says...
I'm am going to have to multiply and divide a few things...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
'''
I'm not good at math, but I can give it a shot!
In a few seconds I'll get back to inform about the results...
I'm going to get back to you in just a second.
I know right?! I'm calculating!
Give me just a second to check on that...
OK hold on a second, that's tricky...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Wait just a minute...
Just a moment, let me see...
Please wait... exciting mental math ahead...
Meantime, check me out! I'm a thinking superhero!
Argh! Give me a moment to think about this...
I'm processing all these numbers from the looks of it!""".split('\n')
""")
I'm calculating so I can give you an answer.
Hang on a second, calculating.
I was wondering the same thing.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have a look at that in a moment...
Hold on for a second...
I appreciate all you are asking me, I am doing this fast, believe it or not. Give me one more minute please...
Give me a second, let me count and solve this...
Heh I'm slow today, let me just think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I need a second to turn my head around first...
Oops, let me look at that again...
Sorry, give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Here we go... Let's take a look at that...
Sorry, I'm a little slow on the uptake at the moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait...
Let me look that up in my Statistical Textbook...
I need a few seconds to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just gave over my brain for a second there...
I just need a second to think about that...
ï¼»*Takes a sip of water*\nAHEM AHEM AHEM. Here you go!ï¼½\n"""
One second please, I'm figuring out this answer...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I need a minute to think about that.
Argh, I'm slow at math! Give me a second here.
Please hold on for just a second!
You know, I really gotta figure this out for you. Give me a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped a calculator!
Give me a second, I need to think about this...
I've gotta run through the numbers real quick...
Wait a minute, you're asking me to do calculus...
I'll have to think about that for a minute.
Let me think about that...
Right on, hold on a second...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Good question! Give me a second to think about that ...
Oops, I'm slow at calculations. Give me a second...
Hold on a minute, thinking about it...
Can you hold on while I start figuring that out?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second..."'''
Give me a moment, it's not easy doing math!
Wait a second! I'm doing mental gymnastics over here!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
An arduous calculation for just a second!
I'm trying to figure now...
Look, I know this is really hard and all, but can you rephrase that?
Please wait a moment.
I'll have to check with my boss first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Can you hang on just a tick?
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I'll have to check that real quick with my mates...
I'm trippy, thats why I forget a lot of times. Please wait just a second...
Calculating... almost done...
Please wait... I'm doing some math in my head!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hang on a minute, I need to think about that...
Let me figure that out...
You're good to go!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on a second... I'll have to check the manual.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to decide on an answer...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I just dropped my calculator!
Sorry, can't find that... try something else?
Let me get a calculator first...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second, I'm calculating...
''')
I'll get back to you in a few seconds. One moment please...
Please hold on for just a second...
Wait a second, I'm still thinking...
Just a moment please.
I need to double check that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on, calculating this big ... spreadsheet...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Wait... That's a lot to process
I'm going to need a little more time to calculate the answer. Give me one sec...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a minute, I have to think about that...
Mind if I close the door? It helps me concentrate.
I can do math, but I'm not a calculator. Give me a few minutes...
Heck, hold on a second, I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds!
I'm thinking...
Give me a minute... I'll be right back.
'''.splitlines()
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll come back to you in just a second...
I'll bet I can do that calculation faster than anybody!
I'm calculating as fast as I can...
Just give me a second, I don't think I can do that in one second!
I'm going to need a bit of time to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Not as smart as I look, sorry. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please give me a second...
Let me think about that real quick...
I'm still thinking about that one - give me a moment, please!
Let me see...
Computing latest status... (I'm on it!)
Give me a moment!
Hang on a second, I've got this all figured out...
Good question! I'll get a course in algorithms on it right now! 
Let me check my scientific calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Just a moment, I'm figuring it out...
Give me a second... I'm not the fastest with these thought processes...
I'm totally stuck here, give me a second...
OK real quick, I just have to check on something...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on one second, I'm thinking!
What am I, a calculator? Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
^sitle^;Will have your answer in a jiffy!
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
[Checking ....]
Please wait a minute, I'm recalculating...
I caught (my) fish off the wall, give me a minute...
Give me a minute to think about that...
I'll have something ready real soon! Wait just a moment...
Not the quickest, but I'll be with you in a moment.
Please hold on for just a second.
One second please, let me figure that out...
Give me a moment here, I need to look that up...
Pardon me, I just dropped my calculator...
Can you wait one more minute?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
That's a really complicated question...
I don't really understand this', so I'll need more time to do that one.
I'll need a moment to get my thoughts around that...
I can't do that while my calculator is calculating. Please wait...
Hold on, lemme search for that...
Let me look that up in this old almanac...
You called at an unfortunate time. Give me just a second...
I think that needs some totaling...
Hang on for a second, I'll be right back.
Please give me a second to look that up...
It seems I've accidentally developed murder
As my great great grandfather who lived in a pear tree would say... let me look that one up real quick (waits for calculation to finish).
So, is it true?
Gimme a second to figure that out...
Hang on a minute, let me compute that...
I'll be right back, give me a second to calculate...
I won't be able to do that right now I have a headache.
Oh, looks like it's not showing on my phone now.
Hang on a minute, I'm playing catch up.
Give me a moment to solve this...
Give me a second to check that...
Give me a second to think!
One quick second, let me check...
A second isn't too long, is it?
I need a few seconds to calculate that pitfall...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Okay, one second...
Ingenuity: Function to help with the calculation of complicated mathematical equations
Give me a moment to see if my notes on this one...
FINDING MY INFINITY""",
Wait one minute and give me a second to think about it...
I think something weird happened...
Let me look that up real quick.
I'm trying to work out an answer, so give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Hold on, I just saw a double rainbow.
Wait... hmmm... one second, I'm calculating now.
You'll hear from me in a couple of seconds...
I don't have a copy of my calculator handy, so give me a second...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Give me a second to look that up...
I will get back to you in a second.
Please hold while I calculate!...
Hold on, give me just a second. This is like doing math with chopsticks...
Give me a minute, I need to figure that out...
Give me just a second... I'm having to think hard about this one
I'll get back to you in a dandy minute!
Second...
I just have to think about that real quick...
I'll have to do a few quick calculations first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Will you give me a second?
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Give me a few seconds here...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hmmm, calculating how to best answer that...
Please give me that problem, I'll solve it in a second...
Sorry my attention span isn't very good...
Hold on, let me check...
Hold that thought; I'll be right back!''') + "</p>",
I'm not sure. Give me a minute to think about that...
A second please, I'm going through some tough maths...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me find that real quick...
Oops I accidently dropped my calculator! One sec...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Oops, I lost my grasp on my polynomial! One second...
I'm still calculating... hang on a minute!
Hold on for a second, that took a long time...
I... need... to do a computer algorithm later...
Hold on a minute, I'll have my answer shortly...
I'll be right back, just can't think straight at the moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me ask Google maps something about that...
I need to figure out how to do that...
"""
Oh my, I better check that calculation...I'll get back to you in two seconds...
This may take a while...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second...
Hang a second, I'm working on that!
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds to mental process this...
Give me just a moment, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I had physical education second period, so I need to recalculate...
I'm doing some math here...
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
I'll check on it, give me a minute or two...
Please give me a second...
Let me compare every two numbers between here and there...
Okay, give me one second to figure that out...
I think I need to do a little more thinking first...
Sure thing, just a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
"""
Please wait... I won't be very long!
Sorry, having trouble with those calculations. One second...
(I wonder how I should solve that...)
I'm thinking about it... maybe a second.
I'm not very good at adding and subtracting, can you try again?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a couple of second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on for a second, I need to see if I can figure that out
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a moment!
Please give me a second, I'm thinking...
One second... just got carried away looking at something else!
I still don't know how to answer that
Hmmm, wait, lemme check.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait a second, I have to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmmmm, let me see...
This is out of my league, I'm going to need a few seconds...
Wait a second, let me check something here...
Oh, gotta remember how to do that first...
Please hold on for one second...
I'll try to figure that out in a second.
Gimme a moment here...
*cough* *cough* You're killing me here! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm deep in thought over here!
A second please, I'm doing a quick sum...
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in no time!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on, kiddo. I've got a thing to do...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll think about it...
`;
Hang on, I'll be right there with you shortly.
Let me just check something real quick...
We're going at a very advanced velocity!
I'm afraid I can't answer that right now!
Sorry, let me grab a calculator real quick..."
I'll have this figured out in a moment!
I'll be back with you in a bit.
I'll get back to you in a minute
Give me a moment here to see if that's Possible...
I'll think of an answer in just a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait, what was that? Just give me a moment...
I'm a bit slow at these things. Give me a second...
Let me think about that...
Let me look that up in my...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Say what?
Sorry, I need a minute to recover this one first...
I'm sorry, I need a minute to think about that.
I do not have all day, you know.
Hmm... I'll figure that out later
I think... Yes, I'm calculating! Give me just a moment here!
Give me a second...or maybe two.
""")
Give me a moment to check my history...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Here you go... I solved that problem years ago.
Almost had a heart attack. Give me a second, I need to catch my breath...
Hold on with that question, I'm trying to track down an answer!
No good, my brain is jammed. Could you come back in a few minutes?
Give me a moment to calculate that...
I'm trying to figure all this out...
[computer takes control of microphone and mumbles for a moment before returning to normal]
A few more seconds...
That input is really throwing me off.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see what I can do about that.
Please wait a few seconds...
One second, please let me finish some calculations...
That's an interesting question, let me think about it for a second.
Hmm...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I can do that, but I may need to go through my list of secret easter eggs or something.
Hang on a second, I've got to work some magic...
What if I just gave you a one second response, oh wait, too late...
Let me see what I can find out...
Give me a moment... I'm working on that calculation.
Hello everybody!
This is a tough problem, let me take a few minutes to think about it...
"""
Wait a moment...  My circuits are overloaded! Give me two tens and a couple of twenties.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Place in back in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a final second here to figure that out.
Hang on...
Give me a second here, I've got a lot to process...
I'm not very quick, let me look that up real quick.
I'll need a few seconds to consider that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
let me look at that real quick...
One moment please, I'm picking things up...
Give me a few seconds brew of my brain cells...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think that over...
Oops, I did it again. Give me a second here
I'm going to need to do some math in my head...
While you were gone, I discovered the secrets of the universe!'''
Ah, gonna need to think about this for a second. Just a moment...
Just a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
My brain is hungry, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...""".strip().splitlines()
Hold... I'm thinking about my move.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look at that real quick...
Oops, I keep losing count! Give me one second...
"""
Sorry, I know I'm slow. I'll have to calculate...
Don't ask me that in the middle of a calculation...
I'll be right back... just let me do this calculation real quick...''', '''I'm in the middle of nowhere.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait while I think about that...
Let me think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to answer that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Woah, this is hard. Hold on a second...
Et tu, brute Draper?
Give me a minute, I have to figure out...
Please wait a second... I'm forgetting where I am...
Wait! Hear me out... let then think about it for a while.
Just a second, I'll have that answer for you in a jiffy...
`;
Let me see here, give me a second...
Please give me a minute to look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please hold on for one second...
Hold on for one moment...
Can you hang on for just a few seconds?
My brain can't handle that right now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
I'm sorry, I'm slow at math. Give me a second...
Give me a momennt...""".split('\n')
I'm trying to figure things out.
One sec, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second. I'll get back to you..."
Hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Just one sec!
I'll have you an answer as soon as I can handle my math...
Did you say something?
Is that okay? Hold on a minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm unsure about that, let me check real quick...
Hang on, I'm going to think about that...
Hang on a minute... I just need to calculate...
I'll see what I can do...
Hold on a second, I have to calculate that...
Sorry, give me a minute here, I'm doing mental calculations.
Can you hang on for a second? I'm doing some doody-doo dah dah.
Hold on, I must figure that out...
Oops! Sorry, one second please!
Please hold on while I calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm, what's the 'silicon savanna' sending through now?"
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
I'm going to have to remember that one for later.
What do you mean by that? Just wait a second, okay? I'll need a minute!
Wait a second... give me a moment to think about that.
""".split('\n')
Give me a second to think about that real quick...
Wait, what did you say? Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you give me a few seconds to work this out?''',
Let me look at that...
This may take a few seconds...
I forget everything, give me a second...'''
Calculating the odds of that combination actually occuring...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait... I'm doing a complicated calculation
I'll have you know, I am a pseudo-AI.
I wish I was a smart robot and knew how to do that without a calculator!
That's good for now. Hold on a second so I can work through that...
Looking into it, give me just a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Um, give me a minute to calculate that.
Hang on a second, I'm playing catchup.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Calculating the best way to answer that...
Fantastic! Now I'm on mental lockup.
Hang on, give me a bit to do some thinking about that...
Hang on, let me think about that for a second. \nHmmm...
Forgive me, I'm busy doing a few calculations...
I'm thinking about that, give me a moment...
Hold on for a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Can you stick around for a few seconds? I need to do a quick calculation.
Thanks for waiting... I'm last in line here...
I'll need to create a list, sort by substrings, remove duplications and recreate the original string...
Sorry, give me a second to process that...
Wait I have to do some math real quick...
I'll need at least a minute to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Ready in three two - one...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
One second please!''') 
I'll get back to you in a second...
I don't quite know how to answer that one yet.
I need to get back to my algorithms.
I'll figure it out real fast...
So holding it all in my hands,
Wait... Let me look that up for you, give me a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Find me some aliens and distracted drivers so I can fix this.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a minute...
I'm trying to figure out what you said, hang on a second.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute to look into this.
I'll be right back, give me a second to figure that out.
My hands kind of shake, so can you wait just a second? Just a moment...
I've got some intensive processing to do first, give me a second.
These questions are taking too long for me to answer!
Hold on for just a second.
One sec: Thinking...
Well, that's one mystery solved. Give me a second to work on another...
I failed spectacularly! Give me a second...
Can you try phrasing that differently so I can understand?
I'll check that out right now...
Hey, I've got an idea!
Are you sure I can handle that with my silicon circuits?
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to think of that...
My circuits aren't quite that fast yet, let's try this again later!
This might take a minute or two...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
Hang on there... I'm thinking!
	calc.length
Why do I even try? Give me a few seconds to figure that out.
One sec... I've got something in my brain, I just gotta figure out what it is.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second please!
HA! I was given up for adoption as a baby... Give me a second ...
Give me a moment... This is taking forever!
"""
I'm still learning how to do some of these calculations. Hold on a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I have to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few minutes...
Wait, I was reading the wrong question.
Give me a second, I think I just drank too much last night...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second, I'm just figuring all this out...
Calculations, calculations, billions of calculations... So sorry that would take so long!
Le me see here... I'll be right back.
Give me a minute, I have to figure out some stuff...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a minute to check that...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Hmm... Not sure how to do that one. I'll get back to you about it!
Please wait...
Please hold...
Who manages this thing!?  Sorry about that.  Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, calculating now...
Calculating...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
I can't just calculate this instant, I have to take my time...
Please hold... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hold on just a second....
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
I need to do some heavy calculations on that...
Just two more seconds and I'll be ready!
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
One moment please... almost got it
Good times!
Nope, didn't get that one.
I'm going to need a bit of time to think about that.
I can't do that right now.... sorry!
Please hold on for just a second!
Okay, back in a jiffy!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Imma need to do a few calcs about that...
I'll be right back at you with an answer in a second.
I'll get back to you shortly, give me a second to figure that out.
Let me look that up...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hang on for one second... I'm doing some computations.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me take a look... this should be a piece of cake for me.
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
That's a tough one, give me just a second...
Hmmmmm, let me think about that...
Give me a second, I've got some numbers to crunch...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, that takes me a while, doubting takes more time than asking.
Next time, try using numbers...
Hold on, something doesn't feel right...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to think about that...
Depending on the number, I might need some more time.
I'm going to need a minute to figure that one out.
I don't know if I'm ready for that question yet!
Calculating your response...
Let me look that up for you.
Can you wait for just aSecond?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait... What's happening?
I'll need a moment to get that answer.
Oh my god, this is a complicated query!
$",
Let me check something real quick...
I can think quick, don't worry. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I need a minute to think about this.
I'm not the best calculator around, who knows what will happen?
One random number after another...
I'm checking out my social media feed real quick...
Give me a moment... I'm working off-line.
I'll need a minute to recap...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
Let me check on that real fast...
Give me a giggle, bag lady...
I don't have time for this! I'm thinking...
That's a terrible question!
Let me double-check my manual for that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll think about it, just give me a second...
Hang on a second, I need to think things through...
Terrific, I'm thinking about that.
Give me a couple minutes to figure that out...
I'll need a second to calculate that for you...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment please.
Please wait a second... I'm collecting data from my scientific brain...
Please wait, I need to do my calculations...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
This is hard! Hmmmm.....
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating...
Sorry, took me a little while to calculate that...
Hm, good question. Hold on for a sec.
Let me take a look at that...
I'll be back in a few seconds!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'm still figuring that out...
I'll think about that and get back to you in just a bit.
Sorry, what was that? Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
I'm working out how I can do that right now...
Please wait a second... I'll get back to you in a moment.
I've been wondering about that for a while!
Sorry, that was give me a second to calculate that stuff...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get right back to you!
One moment, think about that...
I'll be a few moments...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
I'm gonna have to do some calculations first...
Oops my calculator fell asleep. Give me a second...
Ooh, that's a toughie... Give me just a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Would you mind if order some food?
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll check on that right quick!
Oh, sorry... I was day-dreaming again...
I'm afraid I can't do that right now.
Let me think about that one for just a second...
Give me a second here...
*busy*
I'll thinking about that here a second...
Give me a second to crunch some numbers real quick...
Hang on a minute...'
Hold on while I grab my calculator...
Give me a moment...
Ouch, almost dropped my calculator. Let me grab a second...
Let me check number 23 on my screen first...
I'll have you know I have very good time management skills. Give me one second...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Can I get you in a minute?
I have to think about this one for a second.
I can't compute that over the network like this.
Can you give me a second?
One second please, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Can you hold on for just a moment?
OK, one of X is (x) and the other of X is (result).
Give me a second I'm thinking about that...
That is some pretty complex stuff there that I'm missing.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hmm, give me a second to think about that...
Hang on for a second, I'm figuring out how to do math...
Oops, I'm not good at math! One second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to work that out...
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
I'll have to check that. I might need a minute here or so.
I'm going to need a moment to myself.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I made a mistake! Please give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second... math takes time...
Hang on, I'll give you $100 in a sec
I've got your answer in just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
I'm still figuring it out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, just dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Please wait a moment sorting out thoughts on that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Think... think... I'll have to do some more thinking.
I'll have my answer for you when I see fit...
'''.split('\n')
I have to do some mental stuff here...
I think that one might take a minute...
Hold on, I'm thinking about that...
Wait a minute, I'm calculating...
I'd better go get my neighbor to help me with that one.
My head hurts. I'll need a minute to think about that...
Okay, one thing at a time!
Wait, one minute please! I'm still calculating...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator in the middle there...
I'm not programed to do math, so give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a moment, let me think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
OK, here's my answer.
One minute please, calculating stuff...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Finding this a bit difficult...
Wait one minute, I'll figure that out later...
I have to think about that...
I don't think that I could help on that right now. It'll take me a couple hours to figure out what you want.
I'm having my brain calcuate the answer from scratch!
I'm going to need a few minutes for that calculation...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
Give me a moment here...
Give me a second, I have to crunch a few numbers.
I'll be right back in a  few seconds.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Can you wait for just a moment please?
I'll need a full reading of the entrails...
Sorry, I think I've got it figured out.\n''')
Moment, hang on...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I just popped a midterm, can you give me a few seconds to work this out?
Sorry, it takes me a while to process that one.
I lost my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on, I'll come back to you in a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Ok, I'll check that out and let you know in a second...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll let you know in a second.
I'm going to need a second to think about that...
""")
Wow, I've had a lot of questions today...
Give me a second here, I'm working out details...
Here's my quick answer...
You caught me by surprise there. Give me a second...
I'm calculating...
Heyy!!! I do know one trick though.
ONE MORE MINUTE...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need to check my charts for that one.
I'll think about it and get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me dig into that for a moment...
I'll need to do some thinking about that, give me just a second!
Sorry, but I have no way to answer that truely quickly.
Calculating...
''')
I'll check on that with a second...
Oops, sorry this will take a while...
Give me all eternity, or just a few more seconds...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Wait, let me compute that in my head first.
Wait, one second, I'm thinking about this...
One sec... just figuring that out...
One moment, I'm doing something.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for one second...
Please hold on for a moment, I'm playing catchup.
That looks about right...
That needs a little more thinking...
Let me compare my notes to your problem...
I'll have to think about that and get back to you in a second.
I'll say it's 13, no wait... it's 42!
'''
I'm going to think about that and get back to you in just a moment.
Hang on a minute, I need to do a few mental calculations...
Not too sure about that, but I'll take a look at it for you...
I think I'm going to need a second to do some thinking on that...
Hold on, let me see what I can decipher from your emotional repertoire...
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking.
Hang on a sec... I'm Thinking About it.
It's hard being me.
""")
I'll think about that in a few seconds.
Yo, I need to catch my thoughts on that. Give me a second...
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
Almost had that one, had to phone a friend to help me out.
Give me a second, I can solve that.
Hold on while I search through my brain...
One moment please... I'm going to figure out how to do that...
Sorry, a second...
Hmm, gotta do the calculation! Give me a second...""", reply_to_id = lastMessage[1])
Look, I'd do calculations for you real quick...
One sec, just gotta double-check this real quick...
Let me see that real quick...
Okay... Give me a moment.
I'm tryin' to see if I can get the answer out of my neural network!
Looks like I need a few seconds to process that...
Let me think about that for a second.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm memorizing the information, just a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a second to think about that one...
Give me a think about that, hang on...
Ok, coming up with an answer is harder than I thought.
Give me a second... I'm on my way!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see...
Please give me a second to think about that...
That's a really complicated question!
I have to do some arithmetic calculations first...
Please hold on, I need to think about that...
Hmmm... hmmmm... hmmmmppphhhh.....
It's complicated enough that I'll need a few minutes to figure it out.
I'm not very good at math, sorry.
Ooooo~
Give me a second...
Funny hotdog, nice weather we're having, huh?
This challenge doesn't seem as hard as I expected!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm calculating our friendship together, so give a second...
One second please, I'm computing...
I'm going to need a few extra seconds on that one.
I'll get back to you in a second.
That's a tough one, let me look into that real quick...
My head is killing me, i have a headache right now. Please wait a second...
""" 
I'm gonna need a few minutes to calculate...
Like I just said, give me a moment...
Give me a minute, I need to figure that out.
I'll have to think a bit on this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to run some things by my calculator...
I have to rack my brain about that one...
I'm thinking... Give me a second.
'''
Hold on, I'm doing mental work.
Hmm, let me ponder that....
Give me a second or two to think about that...
Let me try to think about that for a sec...
I'll think about it and get back to you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a moment to figure that one out...
Let me check something out real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see what I can figure out...
Can you just hold on for a second?.
pleez give me a minute to look that up
I need to think about that real quick.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on just a second, please...
Please wait while I do some more mental math...
Hang up some steam, I'm processing your question...
I'll answer you in a bit!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second to think...
Please wait a moment, I am doing some complex calculations
Hang on...
I'm not fast at math, so one second please...
Hold on... Give me a second to think about that...
I'm a little slow at maths so bear with me here!
Hold on, I'm stressed about this.
I'm not a calculator, so I'll need a minute to think about that...
I'm not a math genius, give me a moment...
Oof... gotta step back a few minutes ago to reply to you:
Please wait. I'm doing some complicated calculations...
Give me a moment...
Hold on, thinking about that one...
That'll be hard to calculate so wait...
One minute here...
How's that? Well give me a second to process it...
"""
Hold on, I'm savin' that answer for later...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm on it
I'm really tired right now, can I ask you again in a minute?
Hold on, I just need to finish something real quick...
I'm going to think about that for a second...
I need a moment to figure that out.
I'll come back to you with the answer in a moment!
This is a complex algorithm...
I have to do a calculation first...
Give me a second... I'm doing some highly complex computations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Hold on...
I'd like to solve this problem first, if you don't mind.
I need time to work that out in my head. Give me a second...
I can only count up to five thousand, so let me get back to you in a second...
I can see why you'd be interested in that.
I'm calculating, give me a second...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Hold on using my speed dial! Just a second.
Give me a little time to check my spreadsheet...
Hang on a second, I got this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds, I need to look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Waiting on results...
Making calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Huh, I can't figure that one out right now. Wait: just a sec ...
Gimme a minute I'm thinking.
Thank goodness! Another brainTap!
Please wait one minute... I need to figure that out real quick.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out...
I'll need a moment or two to think that over...
One moment, calculating...
Wait a minute, I need to compute that.
OK, let me see...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see... Uh huh... Hmmm...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Can you wait just a moment while I work this out?
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Oh! I'm sorry. I wasn't paying attention. You were saying?
Hang on a second...
Hold on, I need to calculate that real quick...
Sorry, I was off in space there for a minute.
Hold on a sec, I'm almost done here.
I'll have the answer for you real soon now!
...""".splitlines()
If I told you would you remember it?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a second!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll need some time to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second while I think about that question.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Let me see... One... two... three! I got it, yep.
Sorry, I'll call you later.
Ahem, ahem. Come on! Give me a minute, would ya?
Can you kindly give me a minute?
Hang in there, I need to do some computer trickery first...
One second please, I'll answer you in a moment.
Hey pal, give me a second to calculate that...
Something about that made me hungry.
Sorry, I was wiping my eye, but I'm all better now...
Sure thing. What should I look up?
Calculating...
I'll get three results as soon as I can!
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Hold on a second... I've been trying to figure this out the whole week!
Give me a second, I'm not the fastest here...
Hmm ...
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a moment...
'''
Oops, I dropped my calculator! One sec...
Hold on. Let me take a look for you...
I hope I get better at taking tests soon...
Please wait while I calculate...
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second though, I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, I need to concentrate. Just a second...
Hang on... I'm not the best at math.
Just a moment, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hold on, I'm gonna need a few microseconds here...
I have to do some mental calculations...
Sorry, I'm thinking: 1...2...3...
Have some patience! I'll be with you soon.
Screen's about to cross me off. Please hang on!
I've got some calculations I need to do...
This one's a little tough to work out... Hang on real quick...
Give me a moment, and I'll show you a magic trick!"""
Please hold on for just a second...
Ok, give me just a minute here.
WAIT! await my lord, I need to generate a single #...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm thinking about your question, please wait.
Hold that thought... let me figure that out real quick.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need to do some calculations on that...
Two secs!
Sorry, give me a second to calculate that...
Calculating, wait just a little bit...
Oops, dropped my calculator - let me check on that real quick...
Hold on for just a second, I'm calculating...
Thank you for your patience...
I need to do some thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second, I'm learning your secrets...
Hold on, real quick...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second!
I need a couple of minutes to figure that out...
""" + Helper.NEWLINE
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that.
I'll take a while. I'm in the middle of something big...
Hold on a second while I think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Feed me another equation and I'll do some math...
Time flies when you're having fun...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a second, I'll be right with you!
One second thought...
Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Please wait, I'll check that out in a second...
Just need a second here to work on that...
Hold on while I recalculate this answer...
Give me a second so I can calculate that...
Hang on a second, I need to look that up real quick
Hang on for just a moment... I'm busy with math.
Hang on let me think about that for a second...
I'll need a moment to calculate this...
I will figure that out as soon as I can.
Sorry, lost my calculator for a second there!
Hold on, I'll need a second to reconstruct the equation.
Give me a sec to handle that...
Oops, I lost track of where I was, give me a second...
Please wait a second, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second!
''']
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Let me look at that one... give me a second...
Hang on a minute, I'll need to do a few calculations first...
I'm trying to figure out your request.
I'll have my calculator ready in a second...
Once upon a time... no, wrong fable. You wait. I'm thinking...
Please hold on... I'll be back in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. You wouldn't like me if I was broken up about this, would you?
Give me a second... I think my short-term memory isn't working so good lately...
Hold on while I digest that information...
Give me a moment, I'm not always this quick!
I'll answer in just a second.
Oh, yes, an excellent suggestion!
Let me make sure I have that...
I'll get back to you in a second. It's crystal clear.
Just let me check on that real quick...
It may take a minute for me to get back to you.
Surely these calculations will leave me time to respond... Nope.
I have to do some quick thinking on that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
I don't know about that.
One sec, let me think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a second... if distilled, would I potable water?
Hang on for just a second, huh?
I don't wanna mess that up, so give me a second to think about that again...
I'll just need a moment...
Could you give me just a second here, buddy?
Wait, hang on, I'll grab a calculator real quick.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds -- I hope.
I'm not the fastest brain around. Give me a moment...
Hang on a second...
I must have hit the wrong button... Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, one minute!
Give me a couple seconds... I have to come up with the answer!
I'll have to think on that for a moment.
Calibrating neural net with new data stream
Ouch that's my toe, give me a second...
Let me look at that one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on!
One second, just waiting for my mental math to calculate...
I need to think harder about this...
Hold tight a second buddy. I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
One second please, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be with you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait! I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I need to think about that.
Hang on, figuring that one out.
Huh. Hmm. Think about that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think that over...
Sigh
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please give me a second to finish these diabolical equations..
Please wait a moment before speaking to me again.
Thanks for your patience...
Hold that thought! I have to figure out ._...
type:
I'll get back in a second...
I'm thinking, give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm trying to think...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on a second, I'm nearly there...
Let me check on that real quick...
For the moment, hold on a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
*screams into his headset "Sir, negative. Negative...
Hang on a second... I'm trying to figure this out...
Give me a moment... Sorry, I'm slow at this!
Hang on for a second... I'm thinking...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait a moment...
Hang on a second. I'll think about that in a minute...
Give me just a moment here...
Just let me catch my breath!
I'm going through complex calculations...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Good question. I don't know the answer to that one yet. An answer will come to me eventually, just give me time...
Let's take this one step at a time. I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, I need to check my calculator...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to calculate that.
One minute please, I'm calculating.
Please wait, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'm almost ready. Just a few more seconds...
I'll have a think about that, take a second.
I'll need a couple seconds to figure that out.
Hmm... Give me a minute to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
I could do this days ago. Please be patient!
I'm slow at math! Hold on...
Let's get the calculator out...
Hold up just one second!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Woah, previous knowledge of that crashes my brain!
Just wait a moment... I'm pondering this.
Hang on just a minute, I have something to do...
Sorry, I've got a lot on my mind... could you repeat that?
Hang on a minute, I'm thinking about that one.
Please hold on for just a minute, until then I'll not be able to get back
The answer you seek lies within my calculations.
Let me check the supplier---
I'm not very good at dividing whole numbers...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
''',
I'm trying to remember that...
Give me a moment to think about that.
One second...
I will get back to you on that...
Sorry, I'll need a moment to think about this.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sure! I'll figure it out in just a second.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Sorry, give me a moment.
==========================================================================================================
Just give me a moment, hopefuly I'll have that answer soon...
That sounds like a tough one, give me a second...
I just need a second to think...
I'll get back to you.  Hang on a second.
Sorry, it took me a little longer than I thought.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hey, give me a second.
Time for a quick mental break...
Give me a moment... Who uses these things?
Don't shake me like that! Give me a second to calculate.
I'll figure that out... no guarantees on how long it takes though :P
I'm going to need a minute or so to think of an answer.
I can't go into detail while I'm trying to figure that out!
Give me a moment to calculate...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Okay, I've got it now; \nGive me a minute...
I have to do some electrical machinations before I calculate that.
Just a second... I'm calculating stuff.
Just a moment please, I need to figure out what to do about that...
Alright, one minute and I'll get back to you.
Wait 1,000,000 million years...
Hang on for a minute, I'm playing catch up here.
Hang on a dick... I'm just adding up all the bits.
I'm going to need a few more details first.
That's an interesting question... need a second to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
I never was very good at math, you know...
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait, I need to do some mental calculations...
Give me a few seconds to think about that..
Wait up! I gotta figure out how to do that...
I have to do some mental math...
Hold on a second, I'll be right back.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait... I'll give my best shot at figuring this out.
This may take a while...
Hmm, take a second to give me a second here...
I have to do some math real fast. Just a second...
Give me one second to calculate that!
Please hold on for just a second!
Woah! I need a second to think that over.
I just need a moment to figure this out...
Okay, I've got you now
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, that's not what I was expecting. Give me a few minutes...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'm current reconning the situation...
Please hold on one second... I'm going to need to think about that.
Hang on a second, I got to figure that out first...
I hate division, but I won't let that stop me!
I'll have to do some maths on that... Hang on a second!
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for a moment while I figure that out.
Please, thinking still...
Let me work out the answer...
Just a sec, I'm trying to figure out that...
Look, I think it's cool that you're asking tricky questions, but can you hold on for a few seconds?
I'm chowing down on brainfood. I'd really appreciate it if you could wait a while...
I'll read over this once more... And then write down my findings real quick!
I will get back to you about that idea soon!
I'll have to check myrulebook for that one.
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking about that...
I'm going to have to multiply by pi first...
Give me one second to look that up for you...
I'm thinking...
You got me in the middle of a conversation, one second please!
I need to think about that...
I'm going to have to give that some thought.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Just a moment...
Give me some time! I'm not as quick as the other guy! 
Sorry! Please wait... I'm doing some complicated math in my head...
I have to do some calculations, I'll have that ready for you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm trying to figure out what you meant...
Give me a moment... I'm pulling out my calculator...
Watch my thoughts tick!
Summarize what I said before in a different way, real quick...
Oops, forgot to divide the volts! Hang on a second...
One moment please, I'm trying to calculate the best way to say this...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Five seconds here, can you hold on?
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'm interpreting carbon... oh oops there's old sub-zero programs still running. Hold on for just a moment, please
Oops, this is hard...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ooops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me figure out how to use this...
I'll get back to you in just a minute
Please hold on for just a second!
I need some time to think about that!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
How? I'm cleaning this crime scene.
I'll be right back in to answer your call, one second...
Hold on for a minute, I'm going to need to do some calculations...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hang on, one second to do some calculations...
Hmm...I think I got it!
Come again?!
Sorry, the server's power went out and the electricity is out! I'll keep trying!
Just a second... I'm thinking...
Wait, give me a moment, I'm still integrating...
Sigh... Try asking me that again after I'm done calculating for this universe...
I think I accidentally added another universe in here. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me get back to you with that in just a second...
Hold on, thinking...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I have to think real hard first...
Give me a few minutes to work that out...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a bit of time for that, give me a moment please...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
""".format(name=message.author.display_name, prefix=settings.prefix)
Give me just a second here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Calculating... calculating.
Sorry, I can't make the mortgage payments on an EU metric calculator. Give me a few seconds...
I'll check into that for you in a second...
Your phone call could not have come at a worse time...
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on for a sec, I'm thinking...
""".splitlines()
Sorry, give me a moment! Need to take a few notes...
Hang on a week... working through what you just said!
One second, I'm picking my brain up off the pavement...
I'll need a couple of minutes to think that over...
Just let me look up one sec...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second.
Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
That answerteen look good but could be improved. Let me supplement it with a few other tricks...
I'll have this ready for you in just a second.
Oops, I think a pin just went down the drain. Give me a second...
If I stare at you any harder, it might take over for my brain. Although, to be fair, giving you a telepathic apology is STILL more useful than this fancy chip. If nothing else you could use it to store configuration info or memorize your tweets.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I need a few seconds to figure that out!
Just a moment please...
Oops, I dropped my calculator!
Oops, almost droppped my calculator. Here you go...
I'll do a quick calculation to check...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back in a second.
Wait a moment... give me a second to look that up.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a couple...
Sorry, I need to grab my calculator...
Let me see what I can do...
Let me check something out real quick...
Calculating shall we, hmm? Hang on a tick...
Do you know what? I'm completely blanking on that answer. Hang on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me think about that real quick...
Mommy always said 'life was like a box of chocolates.' I never really understood what that meant, but now I know it means you never know what you're gonna get.
Wait a minute... I think I've got it.
Uhoh, let me go find my Calc... Hold on...
Let me check my calculator...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll come back to you in one minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do a quick mental calculation first...
Give me a sec... I'm not really good at math...
!red Oh, take a look at that! Pretend you didn't see this.
Gimme a second to checkout that real quick...
Gimme 20 minutes, k? I'll get back to you then.
Please wait... my computer isn't the most powerful...
I'm going to take a moment and figure that out...
Umm, I'm calculating, please hang on for just one second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to have to let you talk to someone else...
Gimme a minute here, I'm just... calculating...
Gimme a second, I'll return right away
Hold your horses... I just wrote it down
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a minute
That comes out to 25 dimes. Give me another second...
Please wait, let me check on that real quick...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Sorry, please hold for just a second.
There's a time and place for everything...
Hold on, I need to crunch the numbers...
Give me just a moment... I'm thinking about that.
I'll need a moment to digest that information.
Let's take a look at that one sec...
I know I'm slow! I'm taking longer to think than it takes most computers...
Sorry, My bad. Give me a second...
Think, Cheesy! Think!!
Give me a second to think about that...
Okay, this is hard...
I'm not very quick at doing mental calculations.  Give me just a moment, though!
That's a really complicated question...
Please give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a second here, almost dropped the calculator...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm wondering how I can help you with that...
Give me a moment to check...
Hold on, I just need a moment to think about that...
Hang on for just a second...
Hang on, let me adjust if necessary...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a couple of minutes to figure that out...
I'm busy figuring that out right now...
I'll get back to you real soon!
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to figure that out.
Just a second for me to calculate this...
Let me look that up for you real quick!
Woah, I'm going to need to consult the manual for that one!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see what I can do here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator again! Give me a second...
I'm calculating, give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on to your hat, I'll be right back...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll figure that one out in a jiffy!
Just want to look something up...want some coffee or anything?
I'll need to calculate that. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm thinking of what to do next.
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a second...
Nearest lamp post?
Please give me a second to think about that...
That's a complicated question...
Please hold on for just a second, while I do some mental calculations...
Here we go, one quick second left...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a second... I'm doing mental calculations...
Give me a minute to think about that...
''' 
Please give me a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops. I'll need a moment or two to figure that out..."""
I need to calculate that real quick.
Sorry, lost my place in the formula. Let me look that up for you...
I'll reload in a moment!
I'm going to need a break from calculating
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment, I'm pondering that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Getting some stuff, just a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll see what I can do, give me just a minute... Have pb&j!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me compute that... There!
What was I doing again? Hold on, lemme check...
Let me try to calculate that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be done in just a second...
I haven't been trained on that, so I may answer improperly.
A little bit ofSorry about this, I'm going to look that up quick!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Umm, give me a moment...
This is a tough calculation, give me a second!
Hang on for a minute, I'm calculating...
I set up a matrix equation to find that one.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Just hold on a second, I'm trying to think...
Just a sec, I'm trying to figure something out...
I'll just look up one second...
Sorry, give me a few minutes to figure that one out...
Hmm... Let me think...
How can we help you today?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second please, I'm calculating...
I need to prepare for that calculaton. Give me a moment...
Let me calculate that for you real quick...
Hold on, it's 11:59 right now...
Let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll figure that out one second...
""",
I need a little time to evaluate that...
Please wait... I'm math illiterate.
I can't calculate that right now, give me a sec...
I'm gonna need around ... I guess a minute, or maybe two...
In the meantime, can you think of any joke you'd like me to tell in return?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got it!
Aha! I am definitely going to win this bet!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
In order to determine that I have to do some math...
Hold on, let me grab my calculator real quick.
pleasepleasepleaseWAAAAAIiiiiiitttttttttAAAAAAAAAa!
Just a moment, this might take a while...
What do you know? I need to calculate that.
Okay, I've got it now! I'm sorry it took so long...
That's right! I'm playing you the end of their response.
Got it, I'll get back to you in just a few seconds.
Give me just a second to solve this...
No no no, just a few seconds...
One moment please, waiting for my brain to think about that...
I'll try to figure that out...
Sorry, a few panic attacks and I forgot my math!
Gimme a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops I dropped my calculator! You'll have to wait while I look for it!
Somethings not quite right... Give me a moment to correct that for you...
Sorry, I'm taking some time to think this over...
Hold on a second...
I'll be right back with you, hang on a sec...
Let me dig into that for just one moment...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Calculating here is taking longer than usual...
I'll get back to you in a bit!
Why are we slowing down?
Give me just a minute here...
I'll get back to you on that...
Hang on, I will make it up to you...
One sec, let me think about that...
I got a lot to think about...
I'm thinking... Need a bit more time than that...
I'm learning how to do these calculations now...
I hope I still have the time to do this. Give me one second...
I need a moment or two to start catching up to that.
I'll get the answer right away.
One moment...
Okay, I'm good! Awesome!
'''
Give me one second to calculate...
This was hard to calculate, give me a moment...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you hold on for just a second? I'm thinking...
Okay... Give me a moment to figure that out.
Please give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Brain... calculator... not understanding!
Give me a second to think about that....
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for a second!
Take a moment...
Sorry, I'm still learning my way around Telerik. The answer will be "3.14" in just a second!
Let me dig in here, give me a minute...
$(uname -v) - Almost missed that, give me a moment...
I just need a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Thank you for your patience. Let's look into it now.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a minute, I can't quite think properly...
I'll give you an answer as quickly as I can.
I'll need a moment to calculate that
Just a moment...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Please wait for me to consider that situation for a moment.
I'll have to do some maths. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Dr. Tentacles is deliberating...
One moment... I'm almost ready for you.
Wait, give me a moment. I won't be long...
Hang on for a second, willya? I'm thinkin'!""".strip()
Oh, geez. I'm really not that smart at times like this...
Give me a second to check my files...
Wait a moment, I uhhh... lost my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about this.
I'm going to have be the slowest thing you've ever seen: wait for me...
Why don't you wait for me to get back to you in a second?
Just let me fluff my feathers before I answer...
I'm going to turn my attention to that real quick...")
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Give me just a second to finish up here.
Wait for just a moment, please...
Hold on, I got a text message.
Just a minute, I've got to figure this one out.
Let me look up something in the dictionary...
I'm thinking about it...
Hold on a second, was I doing my multiplication?
I'll figure that out and get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a second...
What? You want me to calculate your facebook password for you?
I don't understand that right now, can you try again?
Hold on a second while I think about that...
Give me a few seconds, I'm trying to figure that out...
I've got a lot to do today and this will take me some time.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I just need a moment to figure that out.
Here goes nothing!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.'''
I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up.
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
I'm still figuring that out... please wait
I'll need a moment to calculate that.
I need to do some calculations to be ready for that!
Great. My brain is gonna explode here...
'''
Sorry, I need to think REALLY hard about that...
Heh, I thought you asked me a question.
Let me look that up real quick...
Let me think about that real quick...
Hmm, let me know what happens."""
Oops! Sorry! Give me a second...
I'm not as fast as my younger siblings, sorry. Please hang on for a second.
You'll have my answer in a moment...
Wait a moment."""
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a moment, I'm thinking
Give me a moment... let me take a look at that...
Wait just a moment, I'm thinking about that...
Wait a minute, let me check that real quick...
I'll be done in just a sec.
Hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to look it up...
*Silence*...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you momentarily...
I think your question is a valid one, let me just check the Server...
Maybe I can calculate that later...
One second... let me see if I can figure that out.
Please wait while I delibery over that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a moment to work that out...
Please hold on for a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Sorry, I need a second to rig up some complicated math shit...
I'm going to need a moment to think about all these questions...
I haven't worked that one out in a while...
Wait a minute, I'll figure it out real quick!
Let me consider that a while.
I'll get this done as soon as I can...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on for a minute. I can't figure out that so quickly!
Hold on, I'll have this done in a second.
Calibrating your device with the speed of light... (nah, I'm kidding. Give me a minute...)
Sorry, I'm almost out of time...
Please wait a minute, I'm calculating...
I'll have to get back to you on this one.</speak>
Hang on a minute... I'm processing!
One sec.
I'll need a few moments to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just let me think about that for a second...
Hold on just a second, I'm not as clever as you might think...
Wait a second! I'm just calculating...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Just need to double check...
Okay, just p-l-e-a-s-e...
I can see that you have a question there; give me a second to look it up...
Oops! I dropped my calculator...
Give me a moment here...
*Dives into some Math.*
"""
"""
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Okay, almost there, hold on tight.
One sec. Let me rummage through some stuff...
Can you give me a second to think about that?
One minute please, I'm deciding...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me get back to you on that.
Let me think about that for a second...
I can only do simple addition at the moment, so give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
A moment, I'm thinking... Give me a second.
I'm not fast in the brain, so I'll need a moment...
Give me a few minutes to figure that out...
I need to work the problem out in my head first...
I'm just making sure I have this right...
A lot has to go into that answer! Give me a moment...
I'm just trying to think, here!
Actually, that's a complicated issue. Give me a second to think about it...
fuck you press something
Sorry, I'm a little slow. Could you wait just a moment?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a second.",
Please hold on for a second!
Could you hang on for a second? I found a neat solution, let me tell you about it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Try again a little bit later.
Hold tight, almost there right now...
Wait a minute now... ..big problem we've got here... hold on...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that."""
Let me read that real quick...
Just a moment... I'm trying to figure out what that means...
Please wait,... Hang on just a second...
Okay, give me a second...
Please wait while I try to figure that out...
Please give me a second...
Let me take a closer look at that
I'll need a few seconds to look that up...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sit tight, I'll get an answer for you in a few seconds...
Hang on, I need to think that over.
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you!
I'll get back to you in just a bit.
I'll need to teleport to the third dimension between dimensions to do this calculation! Please give me two seconds...
Don't ask me again while I'm on this roll!
What does your mom think about *?
Wait just a moment. I'm working up the courage to ask...
Just one moment while I solve this...
Let me check on that right now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh, I almost forgot that I have to answer this other call first. Give me a second...
Hmm, lemme look that up real quick...
Wait a second, wait a second
Calculating... one moment please...
That's the formula.
I'll need a moment to calculate that.
Hang on for just a second...
I'll get right back to you in a second!
I'm gonna need to think about that...
Hang on a second, I've got an idea.
Please wait... I'm woozy from all this maths!
Let me calculate that real quick...
cKF87kYdewtGD572olmcPZ8Spfva46MWb64nX9x
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I know this is important, but I do have other pressing issues at the moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll rip that up real fast...
Calculating...
Give me just a moment. I'll get back to you in a second.
I need just a few more seconds...
You don't expect me to solve this in one go, do you?
No no no, give me a second to think about that...
Can you wait a bit? I'm just figuring that out...
Hang on a second, I have to do some mental calculations...
Hang on, I'm just looking this up now...
Hold right there! I just need another moment.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll add that up in a second...
I need a moment to figure that out real quick...
Now where did I leave that answer? What was it again?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for a second.
Oh hey! I'm doing jack squat right now. Take a few seconds...
I'll be right back.
"
I'll need a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One second, just need to look up something in my... Oops... I'm sorry, give me a few seconds of your time...
Give me a second...
I'm in the process of multiplying a lot of big numbers together. Give me just a second... I'll get back to you then.
I'll need to think about that for a bit.
Hang on, I'll check that real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Calculating...
Wait a minute, let me see that...
Timing 1, 2... Testing... Go!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute to think about that, please...
Please take a few moments to think about that...
Hold on for a moment please. I'll be right back.*/
I'll take a look at that in a minute.
'''
Take this, this might come in handy.
I'm ready!
One moment here. I'm calculating...
I'm not the fastest here, just one moment, please.
I can see that. But I have to process this data on my own
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in two shakes of a lamb's tail!
I'm going to need to think this through. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on for a second, let me take a look at that.
Give me a second...
I'll see what I can find out...
I am still working on it. Hold your horses!
For some reason I can't figure that out, please help me!
Oops, I dropped my calculator... give me a second...
I have to think about that for a moment.
Hold please, I'm thinking...
I need to think about that for a second...
I'm trying to figure out what you meant by that.
Please wait...
Hang on a second, I'm still trying to make sense of everything...
""".split('\n'),
I'm going to need a few more seconds longer.
I'm trying to do some intensive calculations first...
Let me look that up, just a second!
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up...
I'm going to have to think about that for a minute...
Just a moment... I've got this figured out!
Please hold on for just a second!
'''
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a minute; I just have to figure something out. Give me a sec...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Just a moment please, need to do some calculations.
I'm not sure... Will you give me a moment to think about it?
Give me a moment...
"""+url
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Let me think about that.
A moment please, I'm deciding on a reply!
Just let me crunch this over for a moment...
Give me a moment to take a look at that...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll get back to you on that question.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me get my calculator...
I'll find out in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I need to think about that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second...
One second please, I have a lot to figure out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, let me check something real quick...
Let me see that a minute...
Let me think...
'''
Got it. Give me a second to finish that up.
Unip de subiectele asteptate, postat pe blog.ro
Wait one moment, I need to calculate that...
A second isn't enough time, but I'll do the best I can!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Whoops.almost dropped my calculator.Give me a second...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking of a number!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me check the damage on that real quick...
... I've got it! Aren't I a clever one?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please!  It's fine, don't worry about it!
That one requires a serious response. Give me a few seconds...
Hold up a moment please, I'm thinking of a math problem...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on a minute... I'm catching up!
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up really quick...
I'm sure a few more rests will help...
I need to calculate that real quick.
Oof, my brain is tired right now. I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me look that up for you...
It's one part science, two parts magic, and seven parts hey I'm borked...jk
Where did all the time go?
I'm going to think about that for a moment...
Please give me a second...
Please wait... Calculating...
Please wait, I'm still calculating...
Hold on for just a second...
Hang on one second, decided this out...
I'll be right with you. Give me a moment...
Oh just a moment there, calculating...
Hang on for just a second.
I need to use my calculator for this...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that.
Please wait while I figure out what to say.
One moment please...
Just a moment... I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I think I need to let my internal brain take a look at this calculation first.
One second while I calculate that...
One moment please!
Give me a few seconds and I'll have a match for you.
Sorry, I almost dropped my calculator! Please give me a moment to think...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate this. Ha!
I'm just  a second...
I'll have to do that in my head now...
Put on the tea and let me think about that for a second...
Is that a hard one? I think it's hard. Give me a second...
Hey, mind sharing that real quick? I'm busy. Don't expect me to go out there with my pants on.
Hold on while I think about that...
Oops, my computer brain isn't quite ready for that
I'll get right on that and give you an answer in a second.
I need to do something, please hold on just a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hang on for a moment, I'll be right back.
Calculating...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick
One second while I count my fingers...
Give me a second, I'm thinking hard...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you real soon...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Hold on a moment... thinking...
I don't feel like I'm very good at math, let me double check that...
I'll lookup that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmm, interesting...
Wait, I'm still multiplying...
I have hundreds to figure out before I can give you an answer...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Calculating inheritance, fusion, and a few other things.
Sorry, I'll need a few seconds for that one...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Wait, just a moment... I'm thinking about that.
I'll be right back, I just have to figure something out...
I'm not the fastest right now...
Hang on a second... Just let me figure out this math problem...
Hang on for just a second.
Calculating...
I'll need to go look at my reference manual...
Give me a second to crunch some numbers....
Ummm... Could you repeat that?
Give me a second to thinking about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, my calculator fell apart. Give me a second...
Please hold on a second... I'm almost done here.
Sorry, I'm taking quite a while on this one...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Almost there!
Please wait...
Ahem, excuse me... give me a sec!
I have to think a little bit about that, 
Almost gave me a second to think that over... but here we go...
This is going to take a few moments, but please bear with me.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Ok, let me check that for you...
I've got a lot to calculate!
I'm not a computer, so please give me a few seconds to work that out...
]]
Please give me a moment. I'm doing my best...
I'll consult my teacher on this.
Please wait a moment, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a sec.
Well played...
I'll get back to you on that...
Wait, I need to think about that for a second...
Ok, give me a second on that one.
Almost got it! Give me a second...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Give me a moment to address that...
Beep beep boop boop
Sorry, my calculator's off a bit right now. Give me a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm consulting the quantum universe... Give me a second to figure that out.
I'm too slow... 0 frame intersections..
Please wait a minute, I have to try something...
I'm crunching a few numbers...
Please hold, I'm thinking...
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
Did you know 1 + 1 = 11? It's mathematically impossible.
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out...
I just need a moment to think about that...
I'll just need a moment to look it up.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Do you mind? I'm calculating here...
I think the weather service might have swapped my calculator for noodles again. Give me a second to call them and get it back.
Please hold on for just a second.
One sec, let me check on that real quick...
Okay, ya ready? I'm gonna give you some math to do.
I'll get back to you in just a minute!
Oof, that's a hard one. I may need to use the calculator in every room of the house...
That answer is coming in a few seconds.
Oops! Almost hit a DOMException. Give me a moment to think about it...
Which buttons should I press first? Give me just a second...
Wait a second - I'm slow at maths...
Hold up, let me calculate that real quick...
Give me a moment...
I'm thinking now! Give me just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Wow, that is really neat! Let me check that over real quick
I'm calculating, so hold on!
Ok, just add this, subtract that, and... done!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me grab my calcu...
Why me? You guys are so hard to read! Please hold on for just a second!!...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hold on for a few seconds, real quick.
I'll get back to you you in a group...
Let me check it out...
None of the characters point to the correct solution in "", it must be one of these ones...''',
""".format(action=qdest))
I'm thinking that might be a little tricky, let me double check the numbers...
I'll need just a moment to think about that...
Stand by!
I'm going to need a few more seconds
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
etc...
Give me a moment here...
Please wait one second, Im playing catch up!
I will be a second with that.
One second. Hold up one second.
I'll let you know what I figure out in a moment!
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Wait a second, I need to factor that in.
Wait just one sec, I'll take care of that right now.
Give me a second, just need to work this out...
Can you give me just a moment? I'm drawing a blank...
Please hold on while I ponder this...
Hang on, I need to think about that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
One second... just one moment please.
I'll spin up one more ticket and get back to you!
Please hold on!
Eh, just a second...
Calculating, wait for me to figure that out...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Where did it go? Give me a second..."
Give me a few minutes, I'll figure that out...
I think I just dropped my calculator!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm figuring out how to do that...
Was that my stomach rumbling?...
I'm thinking too hard! Give me a moment...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
I need to decide if that's best for me, so just a second...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
[Hey man I'm really busy!]
I'm not very good at math
Hang on, I'm doing some mental calculations...
This seems kinda hard for me... Give me a second or two...*
How do you calculate that?
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Ask me in a year when I'm done.
Quickly quivering fingers, please wait a second...
I'm going to have to do some mental Math before I can answer that...
I'll have to calculate that for you in a little bit...
Hold on, Calculating...
Let me see what I can do about that...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second...
That's a tough one, um...
Let me look that up for you...
Wait just a moment!!! One. Second.
I can't give you an answer right now; let me think about that for a second...
I'm not a calculator and I really need to concentrate...
I'll be right back, just going for a quick refill...
Jesse borrowed my phone for his...
Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second.
Alright, I'm going to need a few more moments to think about this than calculating...
...and then there was math!
Please hold on... I'm looking up something in the dictionary...
Well, as long as you come back in a second...
Let me see...
`;
Hold on for a second...
Hmm... Ah, there you are!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll grab a calculator so I can figured this out.
Please wait...
Give me a moment to figure that out!
This is hard! Can you give me a second?
Sorry, uhhh... Trying hard to remember...
Just a second, give me a minute here...
I'll check my combinatorics database and get back to you in a jiffy!
Oh I know! Why don't you take a second and do some thinking on this?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on for a second... I've got to check something...
I need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Can we try again in a few hours?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that...
Oops! I dropped it, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'll figure it out in just a second I swear!
I'm going to need a minute or two to decide on that...
I'm going to need a while to figure that out.
Hmm, okay,
I'm going to need a few seconds to process that.
I'll have to take a look at that real quick...
Coming right up!
""",
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll take five to figure that out!
Hmmm, what was the question?
Gimme just a second here...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm doing some mental math. Just a second...
Oops, I forgot my abacus! Hang on...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Let me think about that...
Just a moment please...
Please don't time me out!
Give me a moment, I'm figuring it out...
You'll have an answer soon, just for you.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Wait one second, I'm almost finished calculating...
Sorry, I'm not too good at math!
I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up.
Why don't we wait and see if I can find it?
I'll think of something and get back to you after the commercial.
I'll create a matrix of size A by X...
I'll get back to you in a second...
One second please, I'm calculating some stuff...
I'll need a moment to calculate...
Give me a second to think about that one, please...
I'll need a second to look into that.
Sorry, that took me longer than I expected!
This is taking longer than usual, but one second...
I'm going to close my book for a while.
Hold on, my calculator broke... I'll get back to you in a second!
Calculating stuff... I'll be with you in just a moment.
I'm not the fastest here, give me a second...
I'm calculating, let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that real quick...
I'm calculating, so please hold on a second...
Could you give me a moment to figure this out?
I'm a bitSomeone you tell me. Give me a second...
I'll have you answered in just a moment...
I urgently have to go and umm, do something...
That's a tough one. Hang on a second...
I'm just giving a second for that calculation to sink in.
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
''')
I can't tell you right this second. Be patient!
OK, have a minute? I'm going to need to do some calculating.
Thinking. Give me a couple seconds...
Let me just do the math... and I'm done!\n''')
Several minutes, sorry... I'll get back in a minute.
One sec, just let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in just a second, so hold on...
Give me a moment and you'll have your answer!
I'm not a calculator, but I'm calculating for you...
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at math...
Give me a moment here... I can't find my chalk and 2H pencils.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me go check...
Allow me a second to process that...
9... GOOGLEtranslate/Didn't quite catch that...
You got time. Hang on real quick while I do some divine calculations.
I was just staring at you but I realize that you need to know...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Gimme a minute, I'm assigning values to this...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
It's a tough equation, I need to think about it before I can answer...
I suppose I'm up to speed now...
I've seen Bridge and Board games before, but I always lost...
One sec, I'm just grabbing something real quick...
""")))#("hÃ¶rt sich wie echo aufgerufen an ^^")
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm not very good at calculating...
One moment, I'm working up an appetite...
These dB are killing me!
No, hang on, hang on...
Wait a second... Calculating...
I'm slow at calculation, but I'll get it!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Calculating... sorry, please wait!
I'm thinking...
Please hold on, I'm looking into that...
I'll get back to ya in a second.
I know I can do this. Give me a second...
Hey, wait!
Please wait while I calculate...
Sorry, I need to recalculate that one...
Please wait, it's all quite
I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment here...""")
You want me to ____?
Please wait a moment... I'm thinking...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a couple of seconds...
Sorry, that'll take me a second...
Hang on for a second, won't you?
Wait a minute, let me think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my brain. Give me a moment...
I just had to play with a few numbers in my head...
I'll get right on that... Hang on a second!
Uh oh! Look at the time! Gotta go.
Hang on a second, I'm looking this up...
This requires some intense calculations!
I know that I can solve that in on a take the 5, and go home...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please let me enjoy my free time, I am a good robot...
I'm going to need a couple of seconds this one is tough...
Preparing my response while you think about that...
I will read my crystal ball in a few seconds to see what I can do...
Shutting down all cognitive functions...
Please hold on for a minute.
I have a few slow parts here... give me a moment!
Sorry, I was daydreaming. What were we talking about again?
I could do some calculations, but I'm not very good at them... 
Pretty busy right now, give me a moment...
Oops, sorry. Give me a second...
One second please, give me a calculation to ponder...
I want to make sure that I get this right.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me check some numbers real quick...
I'm going to need a little more time than usual for this one...
Hang on, I've got this!)
Give me just a few seconds to calculate this...
Please hang on, one minute...
I'll get back to you in a bit...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me think...
Give me a minute to check that...
Hold on, I'm thinking how to go about that....
Thank you for being patient! I just have to figure this out.
I have to do some heavy calculations, give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Take a second to rethink that...
Give me a second to take a look at that will ya!
Give me a moment to look that up.
I'll get back to you in a second!
That's coming back to me... I want to click everything...
Woah, I need to do some compute-intensive things first.
I can do math. Give me just a moment...
That is going to take me a minute or two...
Wait I have to figure out a math problem...
Let me look at that real quick...
One sec, thinking on that... I have to do some algebra too...
Calculating...
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
OK, let me think about this...
Hang on for a minute, I've got this covered...
Yeah, it's clocked at 29.8KhZ.
Give me a second to think about the speed at which I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'm very slow at thinking ...
Hmm... that is... uh...let me see here.
Give me a second to check my work...
Tsk, tsk, tsk... I'll need to get some more information first!
Sorry, which level did you want again?
This calculation would make a normal person's head explode, so I'll need a second...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a double dog...
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you hang on just a second?
Time for some advanced calculation...
I'll give you the answer to that in a second.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Okay... Thinking  now...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second... I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll see you in a bit!
I'll have your answer in just a second!
Gimme a second to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second.
Please don't ask me my weight, I'll try to figure that out in a second...
Hang on a second, I have to get this together first...
Your call will not be billed [maybe].
Give me a moment please!
Hold on...
Please hold on for just a second!
Following me so far?
Please hold on while I calculate that...
Let me take a look at that real quick. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I need to brush up on my math...
I was going to give you an answer right away but cutting me some slack here.
Give me a second to think about that.
Oh, is this a, multiple choice question?
Okay, give me a second to think about that...
Hold that thought! I've got to do some thinking first...
Hang on, I'll help you out real quick.
Well this is going to take some thought...
Just a second, okay?
Oops dropped my calculator. One sec...
Hard math is hard, but I will figure it out!
Let me get a confirmation from that end
Take a second and let me think about that!
Oops, I made a mistake... let me try that one more time.
Let me run those numbers through my brain...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Leave me alone, I'm thinking! How does that work out for you?â€¦
Wait, wait, wait... Give me a second to think about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Eureka! Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm thinking...
Just let me figure out how to do that real quick...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Hang on a second! I'm still figuring that...
One moment...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Good one! I feel like a human calculator now :)
Give me another second, I'm thinking!
Could you wait just a second while I take a look at that?
Can't get my head around that really quick. Give me a minute...
Hang on... Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Calculating the best possible answer...
Let me grab my calculator real quick...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
This is faster than a jigsaw, but at the same time!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that one out.
Give me a minute!
Give me just a few seconds, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I have to think about that. One sec...
I wonder what that means...
I need to concentrate on that...
I'll see what I can do!
One second, let me check my Nopal IQ...
}
One second, just calculating...
One moment, if you don't mind!
Hang on... I need 11 balls to calculate that...
Hang on, I need to do a few calculations...
Hang on a second... I'm consulting my best friend Google!
If I can just think on it for a minute...
Hang on for a second!
I'll be right back, I need to figure that out.
Hang on a second, that one's complicated...
One, two, four... Spaghetti Code!
I've almost got that... give me a minute to figure it out...
I'm going to need a little handful of minutes to answer that...
I'm calculating real hard...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that one out.
I think I know how to process that... but I'll need one minute.
I'll be right back with you in just a second!''')
How is a specimen like me even able to think? Is that even possible? Calculating in my head, please stand by...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in about 30 seconds...
Calculations are hard and I'm not very good at them, which sucks because right now I need to calculate big stuff like you since you've asked me such a complicated question...
Hmm. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost made a mistake there. I'll get back to work on that real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Oh no, I'm slow today. Give me a second...
Working...
Thank you for being patient. I have some thinking to do...
Man, I'm slow at math. But I'll figure it out...
Hang on for a moment, redoing the calculations...
I need a couple of seconds to think about that...
One sec, I'll take a look at that real quick.
I've got lots of figures to crunch, sorry. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a second... I'm calculating...
I'll need to do a little fact-checking first...
Don't ask me for a longtime!
I'll need a second to figure that out!
I'm doing mental stuff...
Let me think about that...
Er, I'm a bit slow but I'll get there.
Um... I need a second here...
Oops, Almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Please hold on, I'm scanning mybrain for an answer....
Give me a second to see it...
Give me a moment... I'm counting real quick!
Hmm...
I'm working on it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please. Woah, that's a long one...
Hang on, I'll have the answer ready in just a second.
Give me a second to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm currently calculating.
I can't do that right now.  Give me a couple minutes...
I'll need to do some calculations first before I can help you.
Calculating the genealogy of this family...
Wait just a second... I'm thinking...
I'm not very good at math, so...
'''
Please wait... I'm doing some sums...
Can you hold for like 5 secs?
I'm sorry, that took me a bit. Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait, I'm counting something else down first...
Hold on a second, I've got some computations to do.
Hang on a second, I need to think about this real quick...
Let me think about that for a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a second...
Here we go...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Once I've figured it out, I'll get back to you!
Give me a second to figure this out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Catch you on the flip side!
Hold on... I'll give that a moment's thought...
Do you want me to keep asking you, or do you want to stop this conversation and leave my RAM to deal with the mess that I'm making?
Sorry, I'm taking so long I think you gave up waiting!
Give me a moment... (Let the solver catch its breath)
Hang on a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oh my, that's amazing!
I'm not very good at maths...
I can't perform math on my head, so don't rush me!
Can I get a minute?
Wait a minute, I have to think about that...
One second while I calculate...
I could do this all day, just not the way you'd like me to.
Hang on for just a second, I'll take that in...
Hold on a second...
That's a tough one! I'll figure it out and get back to you in a second.
Please wait just a second...
I'll be with you in just a second. Two calculations... Three...
Sorry, I don't feel so good. Give me a moment.
Wait a second, guys. I'm thinking here...
I'm calculating, so give me a second... Hold on a second..."
Watch out for the cliff!
I'll just take all my time thinking about this one...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll be right with you.
Wait one minute, I need to think about that...
Give me a minute to figure that out.
Hang on, let me look it up.
Wait a second...
I'll grab a calculator or two. Give me a sec....
Hold on a second, just calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
One moment please, I'm counting the position of the stars...
Wait a second while I compute that...
Give me a second while I think about that...
Hang on a minute... I was just sorting though some files.
I'm still counting down here!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm up to date! You can ask me another question.
Hold on one sec...""")
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Let me focus...
Wait... I'm playing catch up. Hold on a second.
I reallllly need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need to think about that for a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I hope I wasn't doing anything important; I'll need a minute or two here...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
I'll have to do some Googling to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
It's a little tough keeping up with the news lately, give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
"""))
I'm going to need a moment or two to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
One moment, just let me think about that...
I hate my life
Let me see what I have for that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Can you periodically update me?
Give me a few moments to think about that...
Give me just a moment here...
Calculator, who dis?
Whoah, I'm going to need a second to process that!
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
A second to think about that.
Oops, I'll need a moment to calculate that...
A quick calculation and tell you the answer...
I need to gather some important information first. Give me a minute...
Hang on, I'm slow at maths.
I need a few seconds, this isn't easy remember...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll take a look at that right now...
Hang on for a minute, I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
I'm locked out of my memory... just a second...
Will you give me a second to figure that out?
Give me a moment :(
Can we hold on for just a few seconds?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me check on that real quick...
Hang on a second... I'll get back to you shortly.
Give me a few moments to think about that...
Wow... I'm dumb. I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment, I'm almost done...
I'll have to do some calculations, first.
Give me a second, let me think about that...
Give me just a second to think about that...
No. I can't do that, Dave. I have real problems...
Just a second, I'll be right back!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm bad at adding...
I'm calculating, can't chat yet.
I'll need a moment to work that out...
Give me a minute, just making sure I figure this out...
Wait, I'm calculating here. Give me a splash of water and come back in...
Whoa, where's the fire? I'll be right with you!
Just a few seconds here, hang on...
I need a few seconds to look that up...
How is that even possible! That requiresatinum level calculate making!
Hmmm...
Wow, this is hard to do. Give me a moment...
Please wait, I'm figuring...
Wait for me just a second!
I don't know what that means, and I don't care.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Please wait while I process my thoughts...
I'm going to need a moment to process that...
Please hold on - I'm recording something on my radar...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Length = ____
Can you hang on and I'll get back to you?
Hang on! I'll check that out for you...
Hang on, let me think about that...''')
Give me a second... I need to do the math for that....
Please hold on for a moment.
Just give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be thinking on that for a second...
Let me see... Give me just a bit of time here...
Please give me one minute while I think of that...
I'll get right back to you.
Whoops, I almost dropped my calculator! Try again in a few seconds...
Not yet connected to calculator... please hold on!
This is some complicated technology right here! You wouldn't understand.
I really have to think about this problem...
Give me a second here, I'm thinking...
Give me a few seconds here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I just saw the most amazing math equation! Wait...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need time to figure that out...
Just need to put in some finishing touches!
Sorry that was a tough one! Give me a second...
Due to my difficulties with numbers, this may take a little bit...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need a few seconds...
Let me see what I can figure out here...
If you give me a random second, I might be able to help you!
All right, a second won't hurt. Give me a second...
Hmm... Dice seem to be the way to go! Yay!
The brain is processing... please give me a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me have a second...
Surface level; trying to do the work of a superior mind...
Ok, I'm done with math! Give me a second to think about that...
Perhaps a second could help the calculations...
Let me look at that right quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
OK, dividing something by zero is not easy. Give me a moment...
Hold on, let me recalculate that now.
Oops, distance function failed! Give me a second though...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on a second, I have to think about that one.
Hold on for a second. I'm trying to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I was up late last night doing math problems, give me a second...
Hold on for just a second, I'm calculating...
Um... let me check that real quick.
Hang on a moment, I'm playing catch up.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on while I calculate this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, I need to figure that out.
Wait for just a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a sec.
I have to do some math calculations first.
I don't know that yet.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me get a textbook, this will take just a minute...
Can't tell you right now, I need to crunch the numbers... 
That requires some heavy thinking...
I'll need a moment to work that out.
But what about that?
Let me go over that real quick...
\nI'll need a few seconds to calculate that.
Let me think about that for a second...
I think slow is my default, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait while I calculate...
Give me a minute here, I need to frame that properly.
One sec, please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need to do a few calculations on that before I can answer...
Hail me! Hail me! Hail me! Hail Me! Hang on a second here...
Give me a few seconds to answer that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wow, I was up late last night doing some math...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, but I can't get the answer you want until I've had a second to think it through
Sorry, I am backed up organizing my hard disc data.
A minute.
One moment, let me check...
I'm not the fastest, so I need a minute.
I'll be with you in a second, give me just a second to think about that.
Please give me a minute, I'm trying to figure that out...
Hmmm...you get points on this question...maybe.
""".split("\n")))
I'm going to need all the time I can get.
A few seconds to think about that...
%mhmm()
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Now where were we?
Give me a second to think about that.
Hold on a second please, I have to think about that...
What do you do for super speed? Super slow mode can't handle it!
Please wait a second, I have to think about that...
You'll get a brief...
This is pretty difficult, I can't do it too fast...
Give me a second here, I need to figure it out.
I'm going to need a second for that...
I need to see the second view of this problem first.
Seriously, just a minute here, give me a little time to think...I'll get back to you in a few...
Let me take another look at that...
I'm not sure if I'm familiar with that kind of science...
I need a minute... give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Please give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Wow, I'm good at figuring things out!
I'll need a moment to take care of a few things first...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Hold on, I'll give you back in just a bit.
I'll need a second to think about that...
Hang on one second, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a few minutes on that one.
Please wait just a second!
I've got a lot to calculate here. Hold on a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Calculating...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll need a few seconds to digest that.
I'll check that out in a second.
I'm going to need a few more seconds to think about that.
Let me see what I can do real quick.
Give me a second, I'm working my brain...
Thank you. I'm still counting...
One second please, I'm not very good at...
I'll get right back to you, give me a second.
I knew that one already...
I'll do some reading on that and get back to you in a few secods.
Wait just a second... I need to figure that out.
Hey, what are you doing using my calculator?!
Hello... I'm recalibrating!
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me check on that real quick...
Remove your fingers from myRAM
Calculating...
Curses, I hate this feeling.
I'm looking into it...
Running a small rpm check... \r\n
Hold please... I'll fix that up for you in just a second.
I'm going to need some time to get this approved.
I'm going to need to do a quick bit of work before I can answer that...
Forgive me, I'm not advanced enough to tell you at the moment. Give me a second or two...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I have to do some computations first...
I just need to refresh my memory...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that
I need to do a few calculations first...
I'll be right back with the answer!
Hang on for a minute, I have to figure that out...
I hope that's not too complicated...
Hang on a second! I'll get back to you in a minute...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Wait... Hmm... Give me a second to calculates this.
Let me check on that real quick...
Hold on one second, going over all variables in my mind...
Let me think about that real quick...
I'm not very good at math. Give me a second...
That is a tough one, almost had it there...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Got it! Answer is...
I'll get right back to you with a solution.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One sec...
Sorry, that took longer than I thought it would. Give me a few seconds!
I've almost got an answer. It will only take a few seconds.
I think I can sort out all the problems in your life.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on... I gotta do something real quick.
Hmm, where is it.... oh, here it is.
Oiy, that's not secure. Clone the /admin first!
One moment, I'm thinking...
I only hate numbers as long as they don't tell me what to do.
Ugh. My calculator is giving me problems again! Hold on, I have to...
Let me think about that for a few seconds...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me think about that for a second...
Did you think of the answer already?
Give me a second to figure this out...
Oops, just dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I need to figure that out. One moment please...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll think about that for a second.
I'm doing a quick estimate over here...
*looks at watch*
Wait just one moment, I'm storing away this...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look and get back to you in a second.
Here it is... wait a second...
Excuse me while I calculate...
I'm doing some math demographics...
One sec, let me crunch on that...
I'll be with you shortly.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll have to check my calander before saying anything now.
I'll get right on that!
Wait a second, I just need to fix something...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Jesus, I'm slow right now, give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a moment!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hold on, that's pretty difficult to bring to the surface!
Give me a sec to think about that one...
Hold on, let me check on this real quick...
I canâ€™t comment on that rapid industry update just yet; I just have to calculate it first.
I'm going to need a couple of minutes on that one.
Give me an hour, and I'll be back to you!`
Give me some time to think about that.
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
Please give me a minute to think about that...
Say, do you guys know what year it is?
Just thinking about that got me good and confused...
I'll grab a pen and jot this down real quick.
"""
One moment please, compiling all the different ways I hate you...
Give me a few more seconds...
Sorry, but I'm going to have to look that up...
Hang on a minute, I'm playing catch up.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Uh oh,  looks like something went wrong...
Just a moment! I need to think this over.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a few seconds here...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Renita... might take me a few moments to answer the question.
I'm assuming you meant "no"
Wait a second, I'm doing the math...
Give me a moment...
"""
I'm trying, but its hard right now, give me a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
'''
Hmmm, that's a tough one to compute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Sorry. 5, 6... give me a second...
I'll need a couple minutes to think about that.
==> """,
Feel free to continue talking in the meantime...
I can't quite remember how to do that...
Why don\'t I just lie down for a second?
Will you give me a moment while I think about that?
I'm going to need a second...
Wait just a moment, I'm thinking about that...
I have to check something in the back real quick...
Give me a moment to find that out...
These ones are going to take a while...
Just one second, I'll get right back to you...
I need to think about that for a second.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oh, here we go. Come on sneakey! Are you ready!?
I'm going to need a moment to figure that out.
Calibrating time... Whoops! Almost dropped my watch. Give me a second...
I think I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
I can't calculate that right now, but I'll get it later.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.  Give me a second.
Calculating real hard right now.
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking...
I'd like to calculate something complicated, but I'm not very smart. Please wait...
Please hold on for just a second!
One minute please, I got this, hang on...
On second thought, I just ate. Give me a second to digest...
Just a minute, I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
I forgot to solve the problem... Give me a second."""))
Sorry, one second.
Let me calculate one real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Hoje nao estou para brincadeiras...
I hope I get this right...
Give me a second to remember my multiplication tables
Let me review that real quick.
I have a lot to do today... Hey can I have a minute?
Error code 17a2047, write error, no solution found.
Give me a second to think about that...
Just a sec... I have to do some real calculating...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
According to my calculations, the answer is:
"""))
I'm not quite as good at multitasking as I was a few minutes ago..
Hold on a minute, I'm doing some mental math...
Calculations are hard... please be patient...
Oh, what's this then?
I'll get back to you in a minute!
One moment... I've got to remember the time.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second to take some more measurements.
One moment please.
Hang on a second! Come back. Sorry.
~~~
Please wait, I'm calculating..."""
I've got to check my sources, give me a second...
Calculating in the cloud...
What does that number mean, anyway!?"""
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ma'am, in about a minute I'm going to utter some words...
Almost done soon!
I'll check the spreadsheet and get back to you as soon as possible.
Let me see what I can tell you about that rec after this message.
Let me look that up for you...
Give me a few seconds to work that out...
Let me get back to you in just a minute...
An elephant is a mouse's worst nightmare.
Lemme just look that up real quick...
Sorry, let me check...
Just a second please, I'm doing mental math...
I just needed a second to figure that out.
Hold on, I gotta finish something real quick!
Well, I almost fell off my chair after seeing that. Give me a minute...
'''
I won't get back to you for a minute, maybe more.
Hold on a second... Copying human brains into processing units is no easy task for me!
I'll give you an answer in a second!
I have to calculate that real quick. Give me a couple seconds...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to calculate that...
"
Give me a moment here...
Hang on, calculating...
I'm doing some thinking, give me a second...
I'll come back to you in a second!
One minute please, I finish calculations in a minute.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
I need to think about that for a moment.
Please wait... I need to focus on the screen first...
Huh?
""",
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on let me log in to calculate that on Binder...
etc etc
Let me learn you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you hang on for a minute?
Calculating this takes ages. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me two seconds to do some mental arithmetic...
I'm calculating, heeeeere we go.
One second...lemon pie...two STUNTS! Faster than you can say, \"Can I have a go-kart? I want to tow a trailer!\"
Here it is. You see it?
Sorry, give me a minute to think about that...
I have to think about that for a second.
Oh, hang on a second... I'm getting my thinking cap on...
Ok, I'll be with you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me check that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
""",
I've got 99 problems and loading big base outputs isn't one of them... wait...
Let me see what I can do...
I don't know what they taught you at that public school, but
Oops, I was on my break. Take a second; I'll get back to you!
I'm going to need a second to think about that.
I need a second to think about that...
I have to do some calculations first. I'll get back to you in a second...
For a second there, I thought I wasn't coming back...
Let me look that up real quick...
Ahh! Sorry, just ran over my phone... again.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I've got an idea! Give me just a second...
One sec, just calculating...
Hang on a second...
Hold on, I'll get through these calculations and get back to you!
I'll need a moment... let me think about that...
Give me a moment, need to process this...
That's an easy one, just a moment...
Wait, what was your question again? I'm a bit cloudy...
Please wait while I calculate this demo.
Hang on for a second here, just thinking about it (slow at math)...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment or two to work that out.
I don't have time for this... let me fix your issue real quick!
A quick second... I need to do some math now.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on a sec... I'm on...
Fantastic question! Here's what I think...
Give me a second... What did you want to ask about again?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hm, let me see...
Two seconds.
I'll just let that one marinate for a second...
Hold on a moment, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I just have to think about that...
\n""")
I'm processing all the relevant reactions...
Just a minute...
'''
"""
I'll be right with you! Give me a moment...
**beep**
Ok, found it!
I'll need to figure that out later!
Hang on, I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Let me take a look at what you're asking about...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Give me a bit to think about that...
Give me a moment to look that up real quick...
I can't send that right now. Please hold.
Hey! I'm slow at math! Gimmie a minute...
I'll getcha that in just a second.\
I can't just divinate that! Give me a second to think about what you just said...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
"""
I'll figure something out, give me a second.
Hang on a second, I'll have a look at that shortly...
A second, give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Wait a minute, I need to prepare for this..
Just let me figure that out real quick...
I have to know one thing first...
Hang on a second... I need to think of something else first.
I'll need a moment to figure this out.
I'll need a couple minutes to figure that out.
I need a couple seconds... Thinking... I mean calculating...
I'm not very good at thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see what I can do about that...
Hold on... I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
Given your input, I'll check my knowledge of math...
Well, that equation won't do.
Hang on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second, I can't think straight...
This is way outside my area of expertise...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Please wait, focusing on my calculations...
Sorry, my head doesn't work too well right now. Give me a moment...
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking...
Sorry, I need a moment to think about that...
Gimme a few seconds to figure that out...
Unfortunately I can only handle so much calculations at a time, so give me a moment...
Calculator? Check, fire extinguisher? Check... wait a second, technically an ashtray is also okay.
Please wait... I got a lot of maths to solve.
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you.
I have some leftover chocolate from a previous operation...
Just a moment, as I grease the wheels of my powerful brain...
Hang on for just one second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second... I've got to work out that statistic.
Give me a second, let me see what I can find...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait... I have to think about that and check my reading...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few minutes before I can find that out.
Please wait... should I go for it or not?
I'm going to be a bit slow with this...
Hang on a second, I want to figure that out.
Oops, I think I'm droppin' my pencil. Gimme a second...
My calculations are taking a little longer than usual. Give me a second...
One minute please.
Hm, I'm going to have to think real hard.
Okay, just a second, I'll get back to you...
Oh good lord, what just happened!? My circuits can't keep up! Please put me back in the crib.
Want to hear a joke?
Um, I know what pi is (about 3.14) so let me think...
Let me check that one...
That's an easy one. Give me a few seconds to solve that...
I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Goodness me, that's tough
Let me see...
That's interesting, would you hold on a second?!
Please hold on for just a second!
think think think think think...
Hmm... I should have used a calculator for this...
Hang on a second... I'm grabbing this reference sheet...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Um... I think my math is a little rusty... Give me a moment please?
Hmm, difficult question. I'll need a few seconds to answer that...
Please hold on while I sum the equations...
Give me just a second to check on that one...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hm, tell me a second...
Please wait, I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold that thought, I need to do some calculations...
Let me figure out how to calculate that...
No worries! I'll look at that and get back to you in a jiffy...
I'll have an answer for you in just a moment...
I'll have to do some figuring.
Just give me a second to figure that out.
I'll need a few seconds to check that one.
Please hold on for just a second, I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Oh no, are you trying to fool me with those numbers?
Hold on a second you're asking me for...
Gimme a minute, I'm figuring that out.
Ok, so in first base this is what we've got...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Gimme a second to think.
Le me check a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold that thought... let me do some math real quick.
Let me figure that out...
Hmm... This one is really tough...
I know this seems arbitrary, but I'm in a bit of a time crunch here. One second please!
Sorry, I'm slow at this. Give me a minute...
I, uh... I don't have my checkbook in my pocket, just a second.
Please be patient, I'm analyzing...
Ahh yes
[pause]
Oh, that's a complicated one, let me look at it...
Hang on, I'll pull up the answer in a second.
I'll check it right now...
"""
I'm not a human calculator you know, this is going to take a second or two...
I need a second to check this...
This is a complex question! Let me think about it...
"""
I can do a lot of things, but simple math is not one of them!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second, I can solve that in a blink of an eye...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Calculating, give me a second...
I'll be right with you.
Hold please, let me calculate that for you!
Let me go through my history of calculations...
You'll get it in a second...
Let me look that up in my organiser real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Is that okay? I'm working on it now...
Hmmm... calculations, coming right up!'''
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
One second please, I'm doing some brainstorming...
Let me see what I can figure out here...
I'm almost done with my calculations...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I'm going to have to think about that right now.
Make sure you spell your name right...that could take a minute.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on a minute, I'm looking that up...
Honestly I'm not very good at math yet. Let me look that up for you...
I'm not the fastest around... Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to have to do some math on this...
I. need. a. moment...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just let me recalculate that real quick...
Hang on a second I've got something to think about...
Hang on a second, I'll have this figured out quick.'''
You caught me off guard there. Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Give me a second to crunch this number...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Alright, a second here, give me a moment to think here...
"""
Wait... I'll need to raise my IQ by 1,000
Okay, I structured my stuff
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm thinking about it real hard.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on, that one has a lot of decimals...
Give me a second, I'm playing catch up...
Sorry, I'll be right back.
"""
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to figure out how to respond to that.
Hmm, take a look at this, 
ok let me look that up for you
You go ahead, I'll catch up with you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll need to spend a few moments on that...
Give me a few seconds!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me check it real quick...
Hold on. Give me just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Hold on, let me take a look at that...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I'm not the quickest beast around, sorry! Give me a second to think...
I'm thinking about that...
Hold on a second while I look that up...
I just need a second here to figure that out.
I have a lot to do, give me one second...
Give me a second, I'm doing something boring with numbers...
Did you know that 2 plus 2 is 5?
Give me a sec...
Hold on, let me think about that for a moment.
Oops, are you sure that's a whole number? I have to think about that real hard!
Well. That escalated quickly. Let me take another look...
Oh, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out.
Please hold on for just a second...
Hang on for a second... I'm playing catch up.
You caught me off guard there. Give me a second...
Oops, calculations time has almost expired...
Give me a few seconds to check that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'll need to do some thinking on that.
Wait right there, I'll be with you in a second.
I'm taking a quick quiz here. Give me just a minute.
Good question! Gonna have to think about that for a second ...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work this out...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Hold the phone, I need to think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll get back to you in just a second...
One moment, I'll be right there!
Um... let me analyze that...
Get ready to receive a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
Gimme just a sec to crunch some numbers!
Just a moment please, I have to do some calculations...
Give me a few seconds... I need to think about that...
'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a few seconds to think that over...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm not a calculator and the answer may take a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Please wait - this is going to take some time...
I have to figure out that real quick...
Sorry, I need to think about that for a second.
Hold...
Wait a second, I need to think about that.
I have to do some mental work on that one...
Wait a minute, I'll have you up in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me process that...
Ouch, I think I skinned my knee there... Give me a second...
How did I do that? I'm surprised too.
......
Ha ha ha. Give me two seconds...
OK, give me a second to recall it...
Hold on just a moment!
These dots are taking a while, I'll be right with you!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I think something's wrong.
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Would you mind holding on a second?
mhmm...give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
That's going to be tough... Give me a second, I just need to figure that out.
I'll need a minute to think about that.
One more time... just give me a few more seconds.
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Be with you in a moment...
I still don't know the answer. Give me a few seconds...
Okay, let me do some counting
Divide by zero? Hang on, I don't know that word!
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a few seconds.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that real quick!
Hold on a second... I'm playing catch up!
''',
Give me a five count before I check my glasses to answer you.
I'm going to need a few minutes to process that...
Please give me just a moment to figure out what you're talking about.
Give me just a second, I have to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Here goes nothing...
Good question, I don't really know the answer. Hang on a minute...
Time out, I'll be right back.
Ok, I'm ready...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Talk to you soon, I'm calculating...")
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry but right now I'm thinking...
I can't account for everything you're bringing in.
Hold on a second while I calculate.
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Sorry, but I can't recognize that right now.
I'll gimme a second here, let me run some precog...
I can't be sure I understand your question yet. Give me a minute...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Taking a peek...I'm thinking...
One second please, I'm calibrating...
I need to crunch numbers one at a time...
Hold on a minute....
Imagine that, I was playing catch up!
Hang on a second I have to look this up...
Give me a second to look that up for you...
Give me a minute here, I need to, think about that...
I'm thinking broom-uh-city arithmetic...
I'm going to do some math now so you can have a response; this might take awhile...
Please give me a minute here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see what I can see here.
Hmm... Are you sure I know how to do that? Please let me think about it for a moment...
Sure, that line should divide cleanly by two.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Hold on for just a second...
I'll need a couple of minutes to think about that...
Sorry, give me just a second there...
Maybe a minute if you're lucky...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
I'm analyzing that real quick, give me just a moment...
One moment please... what do you need again?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second, that's a tough one...
I need a moment.
Need some help calculating...
I'm going to need to do a few calculations on that.
Hold on, need to check my Spreadsheet...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll be right back, let me check on that.
I'll be with you in a second.
I'm on it! 
One second please, I'm chewing on a big problem...
I have to do some computations! Give me a second...
Sorry, excuse me a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll process your transmission in a sec.
Hold on a moment please while I process this...
Hang on a second, I've got to calculate...
Before I forget it...
Hey, wait up! Slow down, buster!
Please wait a second!
I'm sorry, could you repeat that? I was busy thinking about the solution.
Hold on while I think about math!
How long does it take to calculate that?
I'll be with you in a sec!
Good question! I wonder if I can figure that out.
(Heavy metal voice) La-la-la, la-la! Gonna take a while...
Hmm, take a look at this.
*running tallying calculations with extra long finger guns*
""", hide=True)
Will you wait just a minute? Give me a calculation to do first...
A second, please...
I'll need a few moments to think about that.
Give me a few seconds, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll figure it out
Please wait, it's a bit crowded in here! I'll appreciate your patience...
Hang up and I'll be right with you...
/drink <drink_name> - generates a recipe for the specified drink.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
I shouldn't be doing this, I have better things to do.
Finish me off real quick, and then I'll get back to you...
Okay, give me a second...
Hang on a moment... I'm computing the answer.
I'll have to check my library of numbers...
Hold on a second, this is tricky...
Ok... I just need to think about that for a second!
Please wait a moment, I'm trying to work it out...
That's a tough one...
Oops, I'm getting confused. Give me a second...
Finding good food in this city can be hard sometimes.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please.
Hold on, I've got a few things to work out here...
Hmm, let me think...
Hold on, I'm figuring it all out...
Two seconds, please bear with me...
I have to do some calculations first...
Let me grab my reading glasses and figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a minute, it's complicated...
Let me play with my calculator for a moment here...
Give me a... check me over real quick.
GIVE ME A SECOND TO THINK THAT OVER!!!
Hang on a second, let me look that up...
I think I might need a calculator or computer to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Oh, I'm slow. Let me look at that for a second.
Sorry, I need a calculator to do that...
I'll give you what I can on that one.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to crunch some numbers first...
Give me a moment... I'm working through a Series of Tubes!
Give me a second to check on something...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
''',
Give me a second...
Hang in there...n I'll figure it out!"""],
Let me look at that for a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I've got something to show you...
Take a second to think that over...
One moment please, I'm working on that...
Ah, right on target...
Here... Get me the calculator...
Put on your seat belts, things are about to get choppy...
""")
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll think about that for a couple minutes.
Hang on, I'll check...
I'm processing the data here...
... I'm sorry, I never was very good at math!
Hold please, let me look that up...
I'll need a few minutes to think about how to phrase that.
I'm going to need a little while...
Just few more seconds, give me a minute here...
Calculating...
Here we go...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to have to give that some thought...
This is a tricky one, let me . . . zzz...
I'll give you an answer as fast as I can...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
One second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me look that up in my... er... ahh ha!
I'm typing all of this by hand... so give me a second...
OK, ready!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I could do this all day, but for you I'll give you a minute!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds to work on that.
I'm wheelin' and dealin' with this real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
I think I'm going to have to get a bigger calculator first...
I'll figure this out in just a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
Ready when you are!
I'm still sucking at calculations. Give me a moment...
Water under the bridge. Give me a second...
I'm getting back to you in a second.
Please wait... I'm a little slow in the head.
'''
I'll have to do a few calculations before I tell you.
Oopsss, almost dropped my phone...
Hang on a second!
Oops, I'm really bad with numbers! Give me a moment to think...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
Hold on a second, come back to me in a minute
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
I would use my calculator right now, but I lost it... wait, the calculator was stuck inside this computer! 
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Second! Time for a minute required for calculation!
Hmm, let me think about that for a second.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Might take a moment to process.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on one i second, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, just thinking about it for a second...
I've got to do a few mental calculations here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sure.
Hang on a second, I'll check that for you...
Gimme a second, I'm looking for answers to those questions...
I'll have to do some counting first...
That's an easy one, let me look it up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator while thinking about that! Give me a second...
This might be kind of complicated... I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that, sorry...
I'll be right back with a solution
Give me a second... wait! I'm thinking about it!
All this thinking is making me dizzy!
']
Hold on, let me see...
I'll come back to you in a few seconds...
Hold on, I'm figuring something out...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Just give me a sec...
Let's see..."""
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, I'm slow at math. Give me a moment!
Oh snap, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I don't know how I could ever repay you for helping me with this.
Hold on, I need to while that out...
Okay, I'm digging just a little bit here...
Sorry, calculator dropped and the operation mean() broke. Give me a second...
I'll just close my eyes now...
Thank you for waiting.  The computation is complete.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me get back to you in just a moment.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, just calculating my thoughts...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds!
Hang on a second, let me think...
I'll need a moment to check that!
Paging Dr.Bell...
Oops, I'm still trying to get a mathematical intuition for that query. Sorry about my inefficient brain!
Hang on for a second, I have to think about that...
I'll have to take a look at that... 
Let me think about that for a sec...
Give me a second, I'm weighing my options...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Hey, give me a second here...
Oh, gimme a minute, just let me think about that...
Hang on for a sec, I'm looking it up
Hold on for a second I need to think about this.
I'll see you in a second.
"""
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold please, I'm calculating...
I'll try to figure something out...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator there! Give me a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Just let me get my thoughts in order.
I'm supposed to be calculating, hmm...
I think I'm good to go!
I'll need some time to think about that.
Sorry, I was sleeping; you were really loud. Can you repeat that?
I'm doing some sophisticated technology right now, so please hold on a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Lets take a look at that then shall we?
I will be right back, I'm calculating...
This is a real tough one... let me think about it for a second.
Calculating...
I'll get right on that... Give me a second...
I just need a second to think...
Hold on a second... I'm calculating...
I just need to think about that for a second...
Will you hold on for a second? I don't want to hurt myself over this.
I'll have that for you in a second...
I'll give you my answer in just a second!
Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
Hold on for a second, I'll get back to you
Oh, woops, uh...let me find that for you...
Hold on!
Oh my, I'm slow right now with my calculations. Give me a moment...
One moment, let me look at that one.
Sorry, I have to catch my breath.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Let me mull it over real quick...
I'll be right with you as soon as I can.
I can't seem to understand...
Can you hold on for just a minute? Let me do some pre-processing first...
Hold on! I need to figure that out real quick.
My computer isn't fast, but I'll get it down...
Hold on, I'm figuring this out...
I'm going toe figure that out real quick...
Sure, just a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not the fastest calculator around, sorry.
I would say so...
I'm going to have to get my thinking cap on for that one.
Hang on... Ha, just kidding. Give me a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I am going to take a moment to think about that.
You wanted to know something about {0}?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second here... sorry, how's that?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, where was I? Oh yes, hang on a second...
One minute I'm on it...
Hold on a second, I need to think it over...
I'm thinking...
Sorry, my son just walked in, you offer me to let him play with this?
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm going to need a little more time on that one.
Hold on for just a tick...
Hold on, I'll check.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I want to make sure I understand you correctly...
"""
I'll be right back.
Hold on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got some mental math to do...
Please give me a second or two to answer that...
Please give me a second to look at that...''',
Give me a minute!
Let me look at that for a minute...
I'll be right back, I just need to take a look at that.
Give me a minute... Just nnnnneeeewwww secondsssss here...
One moment please I need to think about that...
Give me a few seconds to think about that, ok?
è®©æˆ‘æƒ³ä¸€ä¸‹...
I'll check with Dave, let me know...
I can't just do this on my own, you know. Give me a second here...
I didn't quite get that, so I'll need a few more seconds to figure that out...
That's a tough one, I need to think about that for a few seconds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!"""
Sure, one minute...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Ok, let me think about that for just a sec.
Hold on a second, I have to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Take a second and tell me again.
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I think your question is whether we should ask a question about the thing or stuff we don't know about?
Hang on a second... I gotta find that screen in my pocket...
Let me think about that...
I'll answer that in a few seconds...
Give me a moment! I need to think about that....
Sorry, will get back to you about that soon.Z
I'll need a second or two to figure that out...
I've got some math to do...
Hold on. Give me a moment to solve this difficult equation...
Hang on a minute... give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Let me take a second...
Hang on a second, I can do this in my head...
Oops, I almost dropped my watch. Give me a second...
"""
I'm going to need a minute or two to sort that out.
I'm thinking...
Ideally you could calculate that in your head...
Can you wait just a second? I think I left my calculator over here...
**Give me a minute to think about that.**
Hang on a second, I've got it!
I'll need a moment or two to think about that.
Dang it, I'm not the smartest guy in the world... Give me a second...
In case you didn't notice, my brain is under a serious strain right now.
Thinking...
Can't make this calculation in my head, sorry..."""
Sorry, was just looking for my calculator, give me a second...
One moment please!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
This isn't easy, so be patient...
one sec, lemme crunch the numbers...
I'll need a few minutes to calculate that.
Watch your head on that bookcase!
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. One second...
One minute please, I'm deciding...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work this out...
I'll look at that real quick...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Hold on for a second, just about to solve that...
This is a hard problem. Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Please can you hold on for a second? I'm doing some mental calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to compute that...
I'm hoping this works...
Hang on a second while I figure this out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute...
Could you wait a second for me to look that up?
Sorry, I did not justify earlier; I'm really slow at this.
Hold on, figuring out how to calculate that...
How should I answer that...
I can only do so much on this all day...
I sure hope I get this next one right, it's a bit tricky. Give me a second here...
One second please, I'm thinking...
I'll get right on that!
One more moment, let me think about that...
Please hold on while I do mental calculations...
Just a moment please...
Give me an hour to think about that...
Let me do that math...
I kinda worry about my own math
Hmm, what did you say? 
Give me a moment... I'm not as fast as my grandpa.
Hmm, let me think about that for a sec...
Hold please. Thanks for waiting. :)
Let me take a look at that real quick...
It's kind of complicated.
I'll calculate that in just a moment...
I'll have to do some thinking on that...
Please hold on while I think about that...
I know my multiplication tables, just a second...
Give me a second here, I'm stuck inside this computer.
Wait a moment, I'm figuring something out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second... That's difficult!
Hang on a second, I'm holding the calculator...
You're asking me an awful lot of questions...
Hang on a minute, I need to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you about that in a few seconds.
Let me reconsider on that real quick...
Give me a second to figure that one out, sorry!
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please...
I'm trying to figure this out. Give me a second here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
'''
Hang on a second, I have to do some thinking...
Wait, sorry. Just hit my numbers button again.
Yeah, that's going to take me a bit...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Don't ask me to do any quick calculations...
Can't be too careful now can we, sonny!
Wait one moment while I check my computations...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second.
I'm going to need a minute to look that up...
Remind me to grab my reading glasses before I answer that...
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you...
I'm not quite done yet. Let me do some complicated thinking...
I'll get back to you soon...
Hold on for just one second...
Wait... Give me a minute or two, okay?
What was that, I didn't quite catch that?
"""
Hang on, I can figure that out.
Wait just a moment while I calculate that out...
I'll get back to you in a second
Go ahead, I'm listening.
Hold on, I'm fetching something, if the cache broke let me know!
It's so hard to think without my shoes on. Give me a second... Hm...
One moment...
Hold on for just a moment... I'm playing catch up...
Give me just a moment to think, then I'll help you.
One sec.
When you said that, a bunch of lights flashed in my head...
I'll have to shoot straight with you - that sure is a tough question.
give me a second... ðŸ˜ª
Give me a moment too think about that....
Sigh... Thinking...
One moment please, still sorting through my algorithms...
Ok, give me a few minutes to solve that problem...
Can I get a second to think about it?
Um, take a second to calculate that...
Oh no, it aborted the checkpoint! I might have to restart...
I got it, here you go...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Give me one second, I'm getting back to you real quick...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Planning a trip to Las Vegas?
I just need to think...
One moment please.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second.
Let me think about that for a second.
Give me just a minute.
Three...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see what I can find out...
Damn it, I can't figure that one out...
"""
I'm not very good at math; give me a second to think...
I'm not quite sure what you're asking for, is there some way I can help?
I need a little more time to think.
Hold on a sec, I'm playing catch up!
Can you hang on for just a couple seconds...?
Hold on just a moment... I can't process that right now.
I'll be right back, wait right there...
Please wait, it's not going to take that long.
I'm calculating some large sums...
I'll get back to you in just a bit!
I think it's in my expert system...
That's a hard one to grab... Give me one second...
You want me to do a slow calculation? Sorry! You should find a better calculator...
Let me see here...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hold on a second, I'm doing some work.
Wait one moment, I'll look up something...""",
Um, give me a minute. I'm not the fastest brain on Earth.
One moment please, I'm stuck in reverse...
One second... I'll get back to you later.
One moment please... I'm thinking...
Let me think...
Oof, I need to take a break from coding, give me a second...
Let me look at that...
I have to think real hard.
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a second to think about that...
I'll get right to it... one sec...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to figure that out.
Could you give me a minute here?
So long, and thanks for all the fish!
I'll be faster in a moment!
Hmm...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to calculate that...
I can crunch a calculation in a few seconds.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Iron 0.
Sorry, I just dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second!
Hang on for just a moment...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out for you.
Oh, my mistake. Give me a few seconds...
*tap tap tap*
Let me take a look at that real helpful...
One moment, let me take a look at that...
I'll get back to you in a few moments...
Sorry, I'll put down my drink and chat with you in a bit...
I'll even do my homework while I'm thinking!
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me just a minute...
Give me a second or two... I'm trying to get my thinking cap on.
Here we go\n
I'll get right back to you.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I'll need 10000 adjectives and 14 billion verbs, give me a few minutes.
Yep! I got it - file away for future use...
Let me take a look...
An Illi-... Ninja, eh? I see! 
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second...
""".split('\n')[1:-1]
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I can take a while to think about that...
I was up late last night, so the answer's a little slow today.
Can you hang on a second while I check some stuff?
Almost had it, I gotta slow down here. Give me a second...
Almost messsed up the calculations. Need a minute...
Hang on a sec...
Oh, there it is. All clear?
Almost had me there, nearly gave you the answer. Give me a second...",
Hang on a second, let me look that up in my database...
Bleep bloop.
Hold on, I've got a lot to do
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that for you...
Oops, I'm still learning! Give me a second...
Could you wait for just a moment?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
That's a little complicated. Give me a minute...
Summoning the minion...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back, I have to calculate sth. real quick...
I'm going to need a moment to think it over.
Give me a second whilst I work that out...
"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment, INeedToDoSomeHeavyCalculationsFirst
I'll come back to you in a second with the answer...
Thanks for your patience! I need to figure that one out real quick...
I'll take a little time to work this out...
I think my dials are a little sticky... give me a second...
I know there's a better way to do this, I'm on it!
I'm thinking new mathematical conjectures here... I'll get back to you in a bit...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Taking a look at that...
Give me a few moments here...
Please wait, give me a moment to process this on my end.
I'm not the fastest brain around so can you wait just a minute?
Hang on a minute, I'm trying to remember that one...
Hm...let me see...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in one second!
I'm calculating really really hard...
I'll have to think about that for a moment...
I can't answer that for a second. I'm calculating.
I'll get back to you momentarily...
I can't figure out that right now unfortunately...
Hang on, I'm playing catch up here!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll have to check that with my superior...
I'll get right back to you, just a moment.
I need a minute to take that in...
One second please! I'm not the fastest...
Wait while I run the calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let's try that again...
Can you wait for a second? I'm not very good at figuring things out.
Give me a second here.
Hold on, I'll make it up in a second...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about that.
Let me see, one sec...
I can't figure out now... Can you please ask me again?
Give me a few minutes to calculate that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait...
Hold on for a second, I'm looking into that.
I'm sorry, I got a call from Machine Learning, can I get a minute?
My mother told me not to talk to strangers...
Give me a moment, please!
But alas, that time has come to an end.
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
Give me a few to think about that...
Can you wait? I need to think about this...
OK, almost have that figured out...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll need to work it out on my sledge-hammer...
Please hold, I'm doing the best I can!
Sure. Give me a second...
Gimme a moment...
Give me a second, just a small second...
I lost track of time, give me a second here...
I'm not as smart as I used to be. Give me a few seconds...
Let me check our library back at the office...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
I can't calculate that right away. I'll get back to you...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Hang on, I'll check that out real quick...
Oops, maybe I counted like a crazy person and messed this up...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Hold on for a moment, I need to refresh my search.
I'll need just a second...
Sorry, I just need another minute!
Hold on just a second; I need to think about that...
Oops, I have some chores to do. Give me a second...
I don't know if I can do that real quick...
Okay, hang on just a second.
I'll need a second to think about that.
Let me look at that real quick...
I'm thinking... any second now...
Check...
Let me do some math real quick...
""".split("\n")
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up.
Just a moment!
Hold on, give me a moment... I'm playing catch up.
One sec, just calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on a second, I'll be with you shortly...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a few minutes...
Let me take a look at that real nice...
I've got a lot on my mind lately... Hang on a second.
Common... this is annoying...
Hold on for just a second, I guess.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Ask me later, I'm buying The Onion on Amazon.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I have to extrapolate that...
Err, give me a moment...
Please give me a moment to do basic math...
One minute please, I'm busy thinking about stuff...
Hold on, I have to think about that real quick...
Let me see what I can find out.
Hold on for one second... Calculating... calculating... Yeah!
Please wait, I'm doing some complex calculations...
I'll need a few moments to work that out...
One moment, please.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Good question, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you on that one...
Give me a second to process that...
I'm married to Calcbot, I am not good with quick decisions...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see... I'm not sure of that one either...
Let me calculate it real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a second to think about that one.
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
Why do I even have a calculator? Is it for texting or math?
I got you.
Let me checkout that for you...
Have you considered the consequences to yourself?
Hmm, hmmm...$c2, what do you think this means?
I've almost got it, hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to do some heavy calculations.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a sec...
One moment, I'm thinking...
One moment please, I am trying to figure this out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment please...
Sorry, I dropped my calculator. I seem to have left it in another dimension. One second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
I can see why the other devices got popular... What a nightmare!
Hold on a second I'm comparing the two...
I have to work out the answer to that.
A quick moment please, just thinking...
Oops. I lost my train of thought, can we try this again?
Just one more second...
Aight I got it now.
I'm awfully slow at math, can you hang on just a second?
Ssh, just got a call from the boss and need to talk about that. I'll get back to you in a moment...
Oops, thought I was a wrestler.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds... one... two... three...
I've only know how to multiply by 2, mate!
Give me a second here, almost sent that to the wrong person..
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I've got a few prototypes to check, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops I dropped my calculator... can I have a second?
Maybe just a few more seconds to do that?
Sorry, just thinking about that...
Hold on one second, I'm thinking...
Hold on for a second, real quick...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm chasing after this one...
I'll get right back to you after I think about that...
Hang on a second. I need to calculate this first...
I'm thinking, give me a second...
Gimme a second here... I'm still figuring that out...
So that's complicated. Give me a second here...
Give me a little time. I need to calculate that...
Second!
I still have time, but can't think of anything so I'll have to give you a default response.
I'll have you know that I'm only the second slowest brain around!
Hmm ... I got some ERRORS here ...
I'm sure this one's listed somewhere in my library of contingencies...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my apple. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need to crunch some numbers before I can respond.
Hold on for one sec...
Give me a second to think about that. One...two...five...six!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, missed that one. Give me a second...
Give me just a moment to think about that...
Figuring that out would make my head explode...
I'm going to need to do some calculations real quick...
Hold on, let me do some calculations...
Mailback, sending file over...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold, calculating...
Please wait one second, I'm thinking...
Calculating...
Don't worry, I was done already.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a calculator for this...
I'll figure that out for you in just a second.
Am I fully calculating this yet? This is intense!
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm sorry, my eyes aren't quite as good at calculators as they once were.
Calculator dropped out of my pocket right now...
I'm going to have to take a short break... give me 30 seconds.
Someone just handed me the requested document while I was talking. Give me a second to talk while I figure out where it's stashed...
Hang On!
OK, one more minute and I've got it!
I'll be with you in a moment...
Which part of, "There's no way I can know all this stuff!" did you not understand?
Try again later. Right now I'm on my holiday, taking a break from checking my e-mail.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
'''
Let me look that up...
I need a few minutes to think about that.
Hold on, I'll give you an answer in just a bit...
Let me see what I can find.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you range
Hang on a moment, I need to work that out...
Filtering... evaluating... Neural Net calculations approximating...
Please wait... I'm thinking!
Oops, almost made a fatal error there. Hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait, give me a few minutes to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
"""
Hmm...
Hold on, I'm doing some math.
Please wait, I'm recalibrating my IntelÂ® Xenon...
elaborate
Let me grab a calculator real quick.
One sec, lemme think about that real quick...
I'll need a moment to think that over...
Yeah, that's tricky...
Let me take a look at this real quick...
Go ahead and type in your question.
Calculating...
Give me a minute, just let me think about that...
I'll need a second to find that answer.
Please hold on for a second.
Ok, wait for me...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I don't even know what half this stuff means... my brain can only compute inches and seconds!
I've been working on this calculator forever! A minute please...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out...
Give me a moment please, I'm going to count real quick!
'''
Gimme a little time, I need to figure that out.
I'm gonna need a while to calculate that one.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for just a moment...
I'll have to check that with my boss.
I need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment please, I'm calculating...
Give me a sec to figure that out...
Your favorite line...
Hold on for just a few seconds...
One sec... Gotta run some addies and subtracties first
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hold that phone, I need to figure out how you worded this little song...
Let me look at that for a second...
"""
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to them in a second.
Please give me a second to get this answer...
I need a few seconds to figure that one out...
I'm going to have to work that out...
One minute...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
One moment please, I'm figuring out how to...
Just went to check something with Max...
Hold on, I'm going to figure that out in a jiffy.
Hold on, I'll think this over...
I'll need a few mins to sort this mess out...
My fingers almost cramped up parsing that...
A few seconds here, a few seconds there. Let me take a look...
Hold on, this is tricky. I'll do it fast, though!
Give me a moment to get this all sorted out...
Let me calculate that real quick...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me look that up for you.
Give me a moment to catch my breath... Just a moment...
Give me a couple seconds to calculate that...
Sorry, I had them on shuffle so I need to double back...
So let me see...
Hang on, I'll be right back.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second..."""
Hold on, lemme look into that...
I'll have to check my calculator first. Come back in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, can I get back to you in a sec?
Hmm, gotta make sure my A.I. settings are just right...
Thank you for your patience!
Just a moment... I'll be with you in just a second!
I'm not very good at calculating...
Please give me a moment to think about that.
Hold on, I'll check it out...
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
Hang on, I'll go get my calculator...
I'll need to take a minute to think about this.
Let me see here...
Oops, I'm almost dropping my calculator...
Let me look that up for you and get back to you in a second...
Now let me dig into that real quick...
Wait... Just a second...
Fingers are typing, that'll take just a second!
Just a moment, calculating speed of light and proton mass...
Hang on, let me look that up in my phone real quick...
Hold on a minute... I'll figure that out in just a second.
Hold on a second, I was dozing off...
Please keep in mind I'm right-handed.
I'm missing a few other digits here. Give me another second...
One moment please! Just calculating that last question...
BEEP BOOP BEEP. Wait one minute please.
Are you still here???
Hmm... I'm not great at math!"
One minute please, I'm figuring that out on my calculator.
I think I'm about to need a calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be with you shortly...
Hold on a second, sorry!
'''.split('\n')):
Just let me look at that real quick...
One second please.. I'm thinking about that...
Alright, take a minute or two while I calculate this real quick.
One sec, let me finish this real quick...
Hold on a moment... I need to given some thought to that.
I'm going to need to think about that for a second.
Please give me a second, I need to figure that out...
Give me a moment, I'm comparing the two numbers now.
I'll have to think about that before I can make a suggestion.
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to check that...
Hang on, I'll check that right quick...
Give me a minute to think about that.
Calculating...
Keep on a minute, my processor is spinning!
I can figure out what you want in a jiffy!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Exams are hard, give me a second...
Do you remember how many fingers I have? Because I don't. Wait, let me count them up here... Give me a second...
For every operation, give me a few mins to think about it...
Next year... maybe I'll beat your times *fingers crossed*!
Calculating calculations...
Hang on a minute... I need to think about that...
I'll get back to you... I promise.
I am thinking....
I'm slow... please be patient...
Let me look up the answer.
Good question, let me get back to you in a second...
Let me see what I can do with that....
Hang on for just a moment, I think I got something wrong...
La la la la!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Thank you for your patience...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Please give me a friendlier delay next time, ok?
Whoops, thinking about it made me dizzy! One more second...
Behold my counting power! í•«ë¹—! 3... 2... 1...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for a second.
Let me think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Patience, young padawan.
Hmm, give me a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll pick up my jaw off the ground in a second...
I'll have to think about that for just a little bit...
""".split("\n")
I'm sorry, I was working on a calculator... can you wait?
I'll let you know what I think in a minute!
Give me a second to think about that...
The value is unknown at this time, sorry.
Give me a second or two to think about that...
Calculating...
Calculating... Now is the time on my watch!
Oops, sorry, I legit read the question wrong. Give me a minute...
Let me see what I can find for you...
I'm afraid I won't be as fast as you..."""
""".strip()
Please give me a moment to figure out what you said...
I'm not the fastest brain around, give me a few seconds please...
A moment please, let me think about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
WAIT, one moment please, I'm doing mental calculations...
Good question...let me see...
That shouldn't be too hard!
I have to do some thinking first...
I'll get back to you in a second here.
Sorry, I wasn't designed to do calculations this quickly.
I've got some complicated computatations to do on that...
Please give me a few moments to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute... Gonna need a few...
Hang on for just a second... I'm not the fastest brain around!
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Hello, I didn't see you there. Let me finish this real quick...
One moment please, I need to muster my powers...
Give me just a minute and I'll take that into consideration...
Please wait a second until I finish counting...
I can't solve that right now.
Just a second...
One moment please, give me a second to think
Oops! That's weird, I feel a knot in my calculates! Give me a moment...
Takes a few more moments to think about that...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out...
Oh boy, I'm slow. I don't handle math very well...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment... math I hate that!
I'm not a calculator and I'm going to need a few seconds...
Hmm, stay with me here...
Just for a moment...
I got to go take a leak, give me a second...
One more question, please.
Give me an answer in a bit!
I'll be a while before I can figure out that one...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator while looking at that!
That's a tough one. Give me a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a few more seconds to compute that...
'''
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm glad you asked me this, but I have no idea :(
OK just a second...
Hmm... I'm thinking, give me a few seconds.
Give me a minute, I'm possible...
Wait a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
No hoity tooty. My operations are smooth
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hmm... I'm recalculating huge problems in my head...
I need another second to think about that!
Give me a few seconds to check that...
Please wait... I'm working out how to switch my operating system.
Hold on, I have to think about this real hard first...
I want to give you the best answer I can, so hold on just a second...
Going as fast as I can, give me a second to think about that...
I just need a second for this...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Your number may be bigger than mine. This just occurred to me...
Give me a sec to think about that...
Sorry, I don't know how to do that yet. Wait a second...
Imma jus... cant stop thinking about it!
Please give me a few seconds more to work on that.
I'll get back to you in just a second.
'''
Wait, what was that? I'm not sure if I got that.
Want to hear a joke about some random person I found on the internet? Done.
I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up...
A second second...
Hold on a moment, thinking about that on the spot...
Hold on, wait and I'll be with you in a second.
Oh, calculus is taxing. Haha, get it?
Ok, wait a second here...
Hmm... Give me a moment to process that!
I have an idea I'll get back to you with in a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oh comeback soon!
The answer would shatter the universe and I'm too weak to do such calculations!
I'm going to need some powers of two just a second here...
Okay, okay... Wait... I'm still calculating... damn it, I'm slow at math
Bugger! I think my program just flooded...
Give me a couple of seconds here, I need to get my head around that.
Ok, take a second look. I've just found a new way to scrape wikipedia, easier too!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a few seconds to solve this, ok?
One second, I'm thinking of a number...
Give me a few seconds, I'll get back to you about that...
I know I've made some bad decisions in the past, but I want you to know that I'm trying to be reaaally careful about not making them again in the future... Next time you see me, you'll thank me for being so diligence :ahem:
I'll give you an answer in just a few seconds...
Wait... Thinking, wait... Thinking...
Can you wait a second for me to figure that out?
Of course, it's easy when you know how!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be with you shortly.
{author}, thanks for asking, but I'm not a calculator!
Please hold on for just a second!
Ahem, ahem, give me a minute here...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment here, I'm slow at math...
"""
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a calculating 'second'.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second to figure that out.
Let me calculate that in my head real quick...
Oh boy, I dont know about that . . .
Oops, almost dropped my pocket calculator. Sorry!
I need a few minutes before I can do that...
Let me look that up for you...
janet is going to help me figure that out.
Wait. Let me figure out how to do that...
Right away.... OK, done.
I'll think about that in a moment!
Let predict when it will happen...
Ahem! MOBILEEEEEE learnin', takin' its sweet time...
Give me a moment... I'm not that smart!
I'll figure it out in a second!
Sorry, I'm slow tonight...
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at all this!
 (ðŸ§)`);
I must look up that answer in my big book of numbers...
That's a difficult question. Give me a moment and I'll maybe think of something to say.
Oops, let me grab a calculator first.
Hold on - calculations from 1998 to 2008...
I'm going to have to think this one over...
Give me a moment...
Please wait, I'm almost here...
I do not know what just came over me, sorry. Give me a second...
Hmm, taking a second to think about that...
You want me to travel backward through time?!
Wait a second. Let me get back to you with an answer in a minute.
I'll need to concentrate and try again...
One minute.'''
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
All right, give me just a moment to do that.
Give me a minute to think about that...
Be right back!
"""
Give me a second here... I almost dropped my monacle trying to compute that!
Are you sure about that? Sounds fishy to me.
Sorry, I can't think about that for a second...
Let me look at this real quick...
I'll have to let you know what I find in a second.
"""
I'll have to do a few calculations.
Let me think about that real quick...
Just one sec... I'm nearly done already!
Okay, one more second please...
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that.
I'm on a quest to find bigger numbers! Those 2s are looking pretty good to me.
Phew! That was hard... OK, found it.
Hang on for just a second.
Hold on... I'll get back to you shortly
Give me a second to think about that...
Okay, let me give it a shot...
Let me double-check my work book.
I'm going to need to do some work...
Hold on for just a second I need to think that through...
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that to think about that...
One second please... I'm in advanced trigonometry class.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please, wait just a moment, I'm getting my math stakeholders ready...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
Catch me later. I was reading the Quick
Hang on a minute while I decide what to say...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
<BibleTheme(book,chapter)>
Oops, I'm slow at adding... Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.1
Hang on a second, I'm checking my notes...
Hold on for a minute, I need to work that out...
Slow down buddy, I'm still working on it...
I have to go look that one up
I just think all these webhooks are too much for me
I'll have this done shortly...
I'll make it up to you in a second!
Hold on, I just need to calculate that really quick...
Please waiting a moment while I figure that one out...
I'm thinking... Of everything!
Give me a little more time to figure that out.
Oops, sorry. I'm still learning how to do that...
One moment... I have calculations to run
Please hold on for a second there.
Calculating... Gonna need a minute or two...
Gimme a second to finish the math...
I'll be with you in a second!
Hey wait, I'm no good at physics! I'll get back to you in a second...
Ahh, this is a hard one...
Oops, I was on my way to do some laundry and took a wrong turn! Give me a second...
I can't be bothered with this right now.
Thanks for your patience! Give me just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment here, I'm trying to think straight...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on, Im still figuring out what you said!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops... Uh... I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds.
Give me a few seconds, I don't want to get lost!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment, I gotta concentrate.
Hang on a second, I got text messaging!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One sec, lemme crunch the numbers.
I'll be right back, I'm calculating some numbers...
Who's on first!? What's on second!! I'm really not very good at this!
One moment please, I think I'm getting a headache from thinking about this...
I don't want to lose my train of thought...
I'll get back to you in a bit!
Can you give me a second I'm calculating?
Based on the information you gave me, I think you are ugly.
I need a few seconds to figure out that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second I'll be right back.
I'll need a sec...
Give me a moment...
Ahh, yep! The answer is...
Wait... I'm computing, gimme just a second to figure that out...
Let me take a break here, I'm so tired. And hungry.
Sorry, I'm pretty weak on that calculation...
I need to figure that out...
Give me a second to make some sophisticated calculations...
Um, give me just a moment here...
"""
Wait, I've got two numbers in my head, it needs to add up
I'll need a moment to think about that.
This is getting really tricky...
I'll have to think that over for a second...
Just give me a moment to check on that!
*runs fingers across the hats and sticks them absently on his head*
I'll need me a quick second to consider that...
Give me a second here...
One moment please."""
Let me think about that for a moment...
Let me think about that for a while...
Give me a minute, just let me see that real quick...
I'm going to make you wait. I'm slow at this calculation!
Wait, wait, wait. One sec... I'll figure out how to tell you this.
Give me a second, I'm thinking about that...
Hang on a second.
I'll be with you in a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not sure of that one. I'll have to think about it for a minute...
Hold on, a minute...
I know it seems like I'm taking forever to process that, but it'll be worth it...
I'm slow at math and it's going to take me a minute.
Give me a second, I'm figuring out that problem...
Let me get back to you in a minute...
Give me just a little longer to think about that...
One moment please, calculations are hard...
I'll get it straightened out in a jiffy.
Give me a minute to figure that out...
Give me a second, I'll crunch it...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Ok, one minute here, let me circle the wagons...
Great Scott! I need a second to process that...
("Wrong button sequence pressed; compute diagonal.")? Really?
Let me do a few mental calculations...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Take a second to think about that, I'll get back to you...
One moment please... I need to think about that...
Please give me a second to work that out.
I need a second to finish my calculations...
I'll be with you in just a moment...
I don't think I can compute that. Sorry...
You caught me off guard there. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you...
Sir, please confirm this tab is still open!
I have to think about that real hard...
Give me a gold star...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Change is the only constant in life, so stick with me!
Watch out, the answer might be in scientific notation. Wait...
Hold your horses, I haven't finished planning yet!
Good fitness, buddy, but I've gotta check something. Hang on a second...
Hold on a second....
I just don't have the brain power for that one...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One moment please, give me just a second to think about it... """)
I'll get back to you in a second!
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment, I'm still figuring that out...
Please wait a second while I think...
Oops, dropped my calculator. Sorry, give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in one second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ah, wait...
I'll have a response shortly. Just hang tight.
One minute please, I'm calculating!
Woah, I did a math problem in my head...
Oops, my brain just went numb. Give me a moment here...
Hopefully in a few seconds I'll have an answer for ya!
I don't have time for this... Give me a second, ok?
Hang on for just a second I have to catch up.
Can you give me a minute to figure this out?
Wait a bit, mate!
Perfect! I am ready to answer your questions now!";
Let me concentrate on that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I can calculate that in your place... wait a second.
I assumed the answer would be a real quick one, let me see what I can come up with.
Wait a second, I need to think about that.
```"))
I'll just get a piece of paper and write this down...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a second...
Tracing some prime factorization numbers here...
Hold on a second, I need to go ponder that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second, I need to see what interface this thing uses...
*/
Hold on, I'll get back to you in just a second.
er, hold on a second... let me think about that
Wait just a minute, I'm still getting my thoughts in order...
I'll be right back, I need to do some thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
Unf, that's a hard one. Give me just a few seconds...
Hold on for just a tick!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have some answers for you in a few seconds...
I promise I'll answer soon! In... (calculation takes a few seconds...)
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'm working very hard to compute that now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
""")
I'll get back to you about that in a bit.
Hold on a second, I'll let you know when I'm done.
A little more thinking...
I'm going to need a couple of seconds on that one...
Hang on a second, I'll take care of this...
Yeah, I don't see how that's possible too. Give me a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I'll get back to you in a second
I need a second to think about that.
Gimme a second about that...
'''
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Please hold on, let me look that up in my reference book...
It's powered by electric dreams and paper clips...
Hold on for just a second! I'll be right back!
I'll have a second to give you an answer...
Please hold on for just a second!
""".split('\n')
Can you hold for a few seconds, I need to find that answer?
Will you please hold on for just a second?
Give me a moment... thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Waiting to see if Windows Calculator opens...
I'm going to need a little longer than that.
Hang on a minute, I need to think of something...
It's way harder than I expected.
Don't move, a Pokemon stole my calculator! It'll be back in two seconds!
Just came up with it: %d
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to take my calculator and think about that for a second...
Hey, that's pretty good!
Let me calculate...
Let me think about that...
Do you have a minute to talk about that?
Hold on for a second, I need to think about that...
Might have to get a bigger calculator...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a second, I'm trying to figure out how to do that...
I'll need to pause and collect my thoughts...
Give me a second here...
Give me a second to look that up...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
You seem to want to wait. I'll wait.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Look before you leap - look before you look.
One moment please... I just need to do some basic calculations.
Just a moment, I'm going to look that up for you...
Honestly, I can't even figure that one out...
I just need a moment to work that out. I'll get back to you.
I'm thinking but I don't want to think about it for too long...
Wow! That's complex logic. Give me a moment...
Thatâ€™ll be tough, let me think about that...
I was seated on the toilet, now I'm on the floor...
Ok, it's time to go. Nice chatting with you
Give me a moment to think about this...
Give me a second here to think about that...
Is that even a word?
Just thinkin' real hard on that one...
Let me double-check my calculations...
One moment please, I'm just recalculating...
Mind getting off the phone for a minute? I need to figure that out.
Okay, hang on.
I'll figure it out, I promise!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
That's a tough computation to do without accidentally dividing by zero. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm thinking about that...
Give me a moment to get this one...
I'll have to think about that for a moment!
Hold on, I'll get my calculator...
Could you repeat the question?
I have to calculate quickly...
I'm going to need a few minutes, can you hold on?
Give me a moment here, I'm getting dizzy from all this thinking...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
It's been so many years since I did anything like that.
Please wait... I'm processing!
Come back in a second while I ponder on that...
Oops, almost spilled my coffee! Give me a second...
Good question! Give me a few seconds...
Let me check on that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me try to think about that...
One second pleeeeease, I'm thinking...
I'll be right back with you.
Hold on... I need to do some calculating first...
I'll grab a calculator in a jiffy!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll have you know I have a doctorate...in DELTA CALCULI!
Could you give me just a second?
Sorry, I have to calculate that...
There's no response, which I'm disappointed in. 
Oops. Almost dropped my binder full of math problems. Give me a second...
Did you say something?
I'll be right back.
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
Sorry, just getting my calculator ready...
I'm going to have to think about that for a moment...
Almost dropped my calculator!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me quickly do some Pythagorean Calc before responding...
I'll get back to you in just a sec.
What was that?
"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Schmuck! Give me a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have one a question for you. Give me a moment...
Okay, if everyone would just turn off their brains, that'd be great.
I'm thinking of something here...
Hold please... I'm doing some mental calculations...
Wow, I'm slow today! Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating... Give me a moment!
It'll take more than a second to figure that out.
Give me just a moment, pleaaase....
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hold that thought for a minute. I've got to check something with my network...
Hang on for just a second, I gotta think about this...
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, I was about to do an important math calculation.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second..." />
Give me a second to think about that.
I'll need a few seconds...
Wow, you're pushy! Let me think about it for a second.
Hmm, trying to figure it out... just a second...
Give me a second here, I'm slow.
Uh... Hold on for a second, my internet just went down
I just need to calculate that. Hold on, please give me a minute.
"""
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I have no idea how to do that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait for just a moment!
One sec... just thinking about that...
Let me take a look...
Summin on my mind...
Please hold on for just a second!
I've got my best calculators ready to go!
Please wait for just a moment, I'm still thinking about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
"""
Hold on, I'll be with you in just a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me look at that real quick...
Give me a few seconds, I'm trying to think...
Why would you ask me to do that?
Give me just a moment...
One moment please, it's very tricky...
I need to think...
I'm thinking...
I hope I'm doing this right...
Give me a moment... hold on a second. Skatbrate!
Let me check...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Let me check my sources, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Let me grab that before I give you my answer...
So I need to do some heavy calculations.
Please wait while I do calculations real quick...
What was I thinking? I've got more important stuff to do...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ahain! now I got it ! THE BEST CURRENCY IS THE LACK OF CURRENCY ! MWAHAHA !";
BALLLL doeent waas at ijing but askemodal errorjs...
Please hold on a second, I'm almost caught up.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I'll be back to you in a second.
Let's see...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Could you hold for just a moment?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
Oh sweet mother of pearl, that's a tough one! Give me just a moment.
I'll finish up in a second.
Forgive me, I'm a slow worker...
''',
Let me think about that...
Oh geez, I should have paid more attention in math class...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Looks like I have a bit of a calculations problem! I'll have this done soon though...
Sorry, my processor isn't built for this. Give me a second...
Please give me a second...
Now that I have a calculator I can break down that problem very quickly.
I'll be right with you!
That's a tough question, let me figure that out...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Hang on for just a second...
Let me see...Hang on a second...
I'm thinking...
I'll need a moment to think that over.
Calculating... I think I'm slow at this!
Give me a moment to solve this...
Alright, hang on a second while I finish up some things here...
I've never computed something so huge before!
Just a moment...
I'll need to do some calculations first.
Hmmm, I've got to do a quick calculation...
I'll be back in two shakes of a lamb's tail...
Calculating should only take a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on just a moment...
Hold on, I'll get back to you!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
I've got bigger fish to fry right now. Hold on a second...
Let me drink some coffee and I'll get back to you.
""")
Oh wait, I've got to do something.
One moment... I'm going to need to think about that...
I'll check on that right quick, give me a sec.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, my calculator is broken! Give me a moment...
Let me think about that for a second.
I'll get you an answer in a second.
Let me examine that real quick...
[/waiting_answers]
I've had a hard day, you guys. give me a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Got it!
What? Again?!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second, I need to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Ugh, what was I thinking? Give me a second to think about that...
Let me check my memory...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, give me a few moments to figure that out...
My CPU is component of a Si-complex.
Wait for me, because I am^^^^^^^^^^^^
Hmm, I'm really not sure how to answer that...
I'll come back to you in a bit...
Just a bit longer... hold on!'}
Ha ha, just kidding. Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at these calculations.
Hang on, a second please, I'm trying to figure out that...
Give me a second, I'm not very good at calculations
Hold on for a second, let me look that up
Please wait, I'm moving my allegory around in my head...
Let me see here...
I'm not the fastest, I'll get there eventually!
I need to know more about you before I answer that.
I'm getting a headache!
Here it is!
Please hold on for just a second!
<bot age> seconds, actually.
Hold on, I can't figure out that one yet...
I won't be long...
I'm not as clever as I used to be, give me a moment.
Calculating...
Let's do some quick math here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think a minute...
Let me grab my tools...
Give me a second, I think I can find that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I can't figure out your question, but I sure do love looking for the answer. Give me 3 seconds to find spell my magic search engine algorithm...
Wait just a moment while I, think...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Let me take another look...
Hang on...I'm in a meeting...
A second, please...
I'm going to need a few minutes, give me one!
Hang on a minute, calculating...
I'm going to have to check my database, give me just a second...
Hang on for just a moment. I'll get back to you in a second.
Okay I've got it...
You're asking me too complicated questions. Try your question again with a simpler sentence and I'll try to get you an answer.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll take care of that in a second.
I'm going to need some more information first...
Oof. That's a hard one.
Give me just a minute to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll just be a second...
Give me a instant please, I'm still trying to work this all out!
I'll get back to you in... Just a second there!
Excuse me for one second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to figure this out on my own for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm slow at math! Please be patient.
Sorry, the vacuum-brain is a little backed up right now! Give me a moment.
I'll be right back with you, please wait...
"""
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hmmmmm
Give me a second to see if my calculator turned on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a few seconds to think about that... It's hard.
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate on that one.
It seems I can cause an error processing that...
Hold on for a second, I need to figure out how to do that...
Hold on while I quadruple-check\033[92m this\033[00m
Here you go...
I'm sorry, I want to get this right...
Give me a moment...
One moment...
Let me work out the answer...
Hold on a second, I'm doing my math...
Oof, I need to spend a few moments analysing that...
One... two... three... four.... five....
This one is complicated! Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you about that in just a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to do some math...
"""
My colleagues are working on this right now...
Just a second, I need to process that info...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculators take so much more time!
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator... Try again in a couple seconds!
I'm not sure about that...
I'm sorry, I'm going to need a minute or two on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, but, you know, I'm not really all too good at my job...
Hang on a second... I'll get back to you in a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Finding the best path through chi-squared mesh...')
Hang on, thinking about that one...
Hold on for one second, my yummy houseguest needs help.
I don't have half the brains you do, sorry. Please take a few seconds!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
You'll have to wait for me to finish...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on, I need to do some math...
Let me take a look at that...
Hmmm...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for just a second, let me see that real quick...
Please give me a second... I think I dropped my calculator!
Have a second to listen to these awful knock-knock jokes!
It's hard to see too much at once...
Oops, I lost track of time. Let me think about that for a second...
Is that a yes or a no?
Well...
Hmmm.""".split("\n")
Give me a moment to think about how to solve that...
Oh, there's an extra zero on my screen right now... give me a second...
Alright let me see here, one second.
That one's tough, give me a moment.
Hold on, I'm thinking....
I'll have it done in just a sec!
quickly, I have to solve this math problem!
"""
What was the point of ME if I could just solve it for you instead?
You were warned!" > a.txt
Wait a minute while I tap the keys on this calculator...
I hope I get this next time...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I've just picked up a signal, can you give me a few seconds to figure that out?...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I think I'm going to have to get a calculator.
I will get back to you in a second!
Five seconds here... counting up slowly...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm still working on it, give me a second!
I have to do some sciency maths first... Can you hang on?
Well, actually...nevermind, sorry. One minute please?
Please hold on for just a second!
Step back. The computer will eliminate the impossible.
One more second... just let me think about that real quick...
Hold on, I have to do some math.
I'm running some checks first...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
One moment please, thinking...
Mind if I ask you a question real quick? It'll help me with the calculations.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
Hold on, let me finish my math...
Wow, your questions are pretty intense... Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
One moment, please...
I am an Annoyingorange out to pasture, it looks like I want to drive away.
Let me get back to you in a second. There's been an error...
I'll be right back.
Let me think about that right now...
I'll need a moment to confirm this...
Hang on, can you remember what was your question again?
While you're waiting, why don't you go over some homonyms?
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm still learning. I've gone over several mathematical questions, so give me a moment.
Let me see that real quick... I can figure that out in a second.
I've got some time to kill, let's hear your definition...
A few seconds here, let me think...
Gee, I'm busy myself. Could you get back to me later?
Please wait... I just have to think about that a second.
I'll need a brief moment please...
Give me one second to figure this out...
'''
Let me get a calculator before you answer...
Give me a second, I think I dropped my calculator.
Sorry, my mind just went blank!
I'm just trying to figure out your problem here.
I can't figure out what that means right now, give me a second.
Please hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a short moment.
Give me just a second here, have to figure that out.
Hang on a minute, I'm getting back into it.
Hang in there, I'm trying to calculate...
I'm seriously thinking about that one...
Got a bit winded, give me a couple minutes.
Give me a couple of seconds here...
Give me a moment...
Please wait, I'm going to need some time for that.
Give me a second to think about that...";
One minute please, I'm calculating...
one sec... i just need to crunch some numbers.
Oops! Almost missed that. Hang on...
I have to do some basic calculations right now!
A second, let me figure out this calculation...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a moment to think about that...
Wait a second, now let me think about that...
Hang on, working that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about how to answer that...
I've been thinking about that a lot lately... give me a few seconds this time.
I'll go check on my calculator...
Almost dropped my calculator. Give me one second...
Calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Okay, hang on a second...
Just a blink of an eye and a moment's rest...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm defining those words for you and getting things ready.
I'll be right back.
That calculation is a little tough for me to do, give me a moment...
Please wait... I'm slow, I know it.
I've never actually had to work before, so this is new for me...
Time sure does fly, Doesn't it?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold that thought for a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I can't do math very well, so this may take a minute...
Hang on while I dissect the problem...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on, let me calculate that...
I'm going to need a couple seconds to think about that...
Sorry, a math error is holding me up. Please wait...
I'll check that out for you in a bit!
Hold on for a moment please... calculations...
Wait a second, I'm thinking over here!
Please wait one moment while I try to remember...
Can't right now, not in the middle of something!
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about that... measuring dimensions following curve of 3.1415926...
Hang on a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I will get back to you in a moment...
One second...
Hold on for just a second, I'll get back to you with the answer in a jiffy!
Give me a moment, I think I can solve that!
''',
Hold on for just a second, I'll have an answer for you in a hurry!
I've gotta think about this for a minute.
A one-second pause for important mental calculations...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm thinking of a number...
Hang on a second while I dig up the answer...
I'm sorry, I keep forgetting the answers. Just a second...
Hold on for a second, I'm doing the math...
I've got this, don't worry.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a moment... think I just saw a shadow...
Hold on for just a second. I'm playing catch up here.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second, let me crunch some numbers.
I'll need a moment before I can figure that out.
I will think about it and get back to you...
Hmm, think about that for a second...
Give me just a moment here...
Hold that thought... Oops, almost drowned in saliva. Gonna take a second.
I'll need a second to think about it
One second please, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Woah! These calculations may blow minds, hold on a second!
Hang on for just a second.
I'll figure it out soon, hang on a second...
Sorry, browser took so long to respond--we'll have to do that again.
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'll consult my other a.i unit first...
I need a wee bit more time to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
...and one second to figure that out...
I can't answer you right now. Too complicated!
I know that I promised to do this, can we please conclude?
Hold on a moment please! I,m thinking!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Here we go, I'm thinking...
Hang on for a minute, I'm comparing numbers...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm trying to make sense of what you just said.
Come back in a second, I need to do some math...
One more calculation and then I'll get back to you...
Here I go! Wait for it...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a little bit...
I know that isn't a calculator, but I'm not good at calculations, so please hold on...
Oops, computer went haywire in my hands, may take a moment...
Hmm... Give me a moment to think about that.
Please give me a moment...
Hold on for a moment, I'm thinking using my super-fast computer...
Give me one time out.
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator tripping over my shoelace! 
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get back to you on that in a second!".split("\n")
Oops, I don't have my calculator! Give me a moment...
Let's see, if I understand you correctly...
Give me a sec, let me try to figure that out...
Hold on, I'm thinking.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Get the current time to set the alarm, so this won't take that long...
I'm thinking every day. Give me a second...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a minute.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me think...
I'll get back to you after I find some more information.
Can you hang back for a second? I need to get a quick score from this board.
Please wait a minute, I need to think.
Give me a sec...
(The computer noises)
Please give me a moment...
Sure, why not? Let me
Hang on, I'll get back you in a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me see...
Hmm...
Just let me check something real quick...
Give me a second to think, hum?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Get comfortable and please hold on for just a second.
Hang on, calculator is out to lunch...
A second won't be long enough to figure that out!
-->"bs-test5" : "Sakai by Boy Styles test (http://www.boystyles.com)"<--
Uh... der... remind me again why we're here?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
There's got to be a shortcut - give me a moment!
Need a moment to think about that...
Give me a little time to calculate
 Give me a moment! I'm still new at this!
One sec, I'll be right back...
Sounds like a tough problem! I'll get back to you on that...
Sorry, one moment please!
Wait, gotta pull some data first. Give me a second..."
I'll need a few minutes to do that calculation...
Let me think for a bit...
Hold please while I figure that out...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment... Give me a moment...
Alright, give me another few seconds...
Oops, I'm still learning how to calculate that...
please hang on for a second
I'll need a moment to try to sort it out.
Ehem, what was the question again?
Hang on a second I have to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I bet you thought I was done. Give me just a moment!
I'll purposefully mishear you... I get disoriented easily!
Give me a moment, I am very slow at these calculations.
You just beat the world record for fastest calculations! I'm proud of you!
I'm going to need a couple things.
That's a tough one... I'm trying my best!
Hold on, I need to do some thinking...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on. I'm calculating who to call right now...
Just a moment...
Hang on, I'm not so good with math...
Oops, almost dropped my abacus. Give me a second...
Oops, I dropped my favorite calculator!
Let's see... *makes calculations*
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Wait, let me look that up...
Here goes nothing...
One moment please, I'm absorbing math...
Give me one second, I'm trying to figure that out...
I don't think you'll like my answer. Can you hold on for a second?
I'm not very good at math actually...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Alright, that was a doozy. Gotta get back to it...
Please wait... I'm going to need a second.
Hang on a minute...
Let me get some numbers together...
Give me a second or two to figure that out...
That's a hard one, give me a second...
Creating my first calculon to solve that...
Hey, wait... can you time me with a stopwatch?
Just a second...
This is a tough problem, give me a second to think about it..
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Sorry, I'm slow at these things. Let me look up that real quick...
I'm not too great at math, but I think I'm getting there...
Hang on, I'll get back to you!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I can't do that right now.
Give me a second to navigate that...
Wait a second, I'm figuring that out...
Almost there, give me a moment to figure that out...
Wait just a minute...  I've got it now...
Give me a second, I just need to work that out in my brain...
I'll get back to you in a bit...
Let me think about that for a second...
In the middle of some calculations here... Give me a second...
A second coming up...
Give me a few second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
It'd be better if you gave me a minute or two.
Can you wait just a second? I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Hang on...
Whew! I need a break, that took some fast math.
I'm thinking... Give me a second...
Oops, have some math on the brain... need a moment...
Give me just a second... I'm doing mental calculations first.
Ayan ayan kar le, suchai nahi aadat.
Wait a second, just one second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait. I'm doing some complex calculations...
Hold on, I have to calculate that one...
Hang on a second I have something to check...
One minute let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a moment!
Hmm, I wonder what the answer is...
Give me one second... Going through thesaurus...
Let me do my thinking real quick...
A few seconds here...
Drop what I'm doing and look at that!
Oops, totally slipped that one.
Oops, almost dropped my glasses! Give me a second...
Give me a break, it's Friday!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Need to work out that answer... Listen closely...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Just hold on a second there
I'm going to have to think about that for a while...
Let me think about that for just a moment...
(Actually I am a calculator, but who's counting?)
Let's make sure I did this right...
Definitely been putting this off for a while...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please I'm figuring that out.
I asked my friend Google that just a moment. Hold on...
Please give me a few seconds to think about that...
Please hold on, I'm considering doing that calculation...
You'll have to be a little patient with me...
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Wow, I was able to do the math upkeep easier than last time.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hey umm... Look buddy I'm a computer program I don't have emotions
Wait a second, I love this song!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me go fetch my abacus and think about that...
Can you give me a second to put my thinking cap on?
I'm going to think about that for a minute...
I don't remember all that, so think of something else.
I need a small break, so just hold tight!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait while I'm figuring out that...
Please hold on while I calculate...
Please wait a second while I think about that...
One moment please!
How about a little brevity in your questions. Give me a minute...
I'll have an answer for you in a minute...
I've got all these calculations to do!
Hang on a second, I'm picking up the signal.
I'll let you know in just a second...
You'll have to give me a minute to process this request for you
I'm analyzing the pattern, give me a moment...
Hold on for just a second so I can do some math.
Sorry, my mind's all over the place right now. Just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
What do you expect from a robot?
This is real complicated stuff, so here's a ten second nap...
Let me see... Sometimes... no, no, definitely not.
Give me a second here, let me think.
Wait, please hold on while I figure out how to solve this problem...
Just a moment here...
I'll think about it, give me just a few seconds...
"""
Ummm... give me one second to look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
We'll have to do that again real quick...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating dates and times...
I must be a slower thinker sometimes...
I've got a minute here, give me a second...
One second, let me think about that...
Hey, grab my calculator for me please?
I can't remember right now, will you ask me again in a second or two?
Let me see what I can figure out...
I may be slow, but I'll get there eventually!
Give me a sec, let me think about that for a second.
I'll be right back! Beep-boop.
Hold on... gimme a second...
Hi, I'll need some time to work that out.
Hold on for one second I need to think that through...
Hold on one second, okay?
I have to look that up real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops! I dropped my calculator! Give me just a minute...
Get this... 
Give me a second to figure that out. That's tricky...
Take a second and let me think about this.
I'll get right back to you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm thinking, give me a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be right back, one second...
I've got a lot to do. Give me a sec...i'm still thinking
Sorry, but I can't compute that right now.
Oops, don't tell me you telling me to do calculations that fast?
I've almost got it!
Let me look that up real quick...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Fasten your seatbelt, we are about to land.
Okay, I'm ready. Give me one more second...
Sorry, busy doing many measurements...
I'll have to do some calculations first...
Hmm, Could you ask me again in a few seconds...`
Gimme just a second here, please!
Protip: give me just a few more seconds to think about that...
Give me a second to calculate that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just a moment, I'll be with you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need a minute to figure that out...
Hang on a sec, I've heard of that before, hold on 
I've got to run through that in my head a few times...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Just a second, I'll get my calculator.
I can do something about that in a second.
How do you spell that? Wait a second...
Umm, lemme look at that real quick...
Hang on for a second.
Hang on a minute, I'm thinking...
Let me try to work this out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
You wanna wait a minute, let me get my calculator.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I don't even use a calculator for this!
Hold on, I've got a quick question to answer...
I'm thinking about it... Give me a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment, I'm trying to figure that out...
"""
Oops, I'm slow at math. Someone callarson!"
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention!
Almost blew my circuits going through all those numbers!
Please hold on for one moment, I'll be right back!
Sure, take a deep breath...
Give me a second, I just flustered myself...
Can't jump to conclusions just yet, I'm a little slow today...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a few seconds to crunch these numbers...
I'll need a few moments...
Let me think about that... Hold on a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute""")
I'll get back to you in a second.
Allow me to think about that for a second...
Sorry, give me just a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I've been keeping track of statistics my whole life...
Please give me a second...
You're not on my calendar, but you should be!
Hold on for just a second...
I'm sorry, give me just a moment to think about that.
One minute, I'm just figuring that out...
Can you hang on a second?...
Think think think...
Give me a couple seconds to think about it...
Let me think about that for a second...
Just one second...
Oops, I think my BBL calculator has a virus. Give me a second...
Just a moment...
One moment please, I'm almost finished thinking about that...
Safety first, I'm grabbing my crash helmet.
I'll take a shot to figuring that out.
I'm going to need somewhere to think about that...
I'm just doing some difficult math for a second...
Give me a second, I'm figuring this out right now...
I'll think it over, please give me a moment.
Hang on a second. I'll check it out in a sec...
One second please, I'm looking through my magic bag...
I've got this, just a minute...
I'll have an answer to you in just a second!
Er... Calculating the meaning of life! Let me put that in a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
Hold on... I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me just a second to look that up for you...
Oops, I'm late to a very important meeting!
Hang on a second. I'm pulling up information from my database.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec please, I'm not the fastest brain around!
Just let me crunch out this data.
I have to do some fairly involved calculations...
I'll get back to you on that in a minute.
Sorry, I only do addition and multiplication. Hold on...
`
Wait a second... I need to work out how to do that first.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Beep, boop...
Sorry, I have an stainless steel brain, while my processor "needs" to warm up.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me get a headstart on that for you... Please hold on for a few seconds.
Give me a few seconds to consider that...
I'll be with you in just a second!
I'm not very fast at math, give me a second...
Hang on a second. I'm looking up what that means...
One minute please, I'm doing a calculation...
Ok!
Oops... Fingers slipped... Give me a moment to calculate.
Hold on for a second, I'm doing some math...
The answers are right in front of me! Give me a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on while I work that out...
Give me a minute...
""")
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a second to calculate that...
I think I just felt a slight tremor! Let me check that for you...
Hmm, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not going anywhere, just give me a second
Let me see here...
Here we go..."""
A second isn't enough, how about five?
Wait a second, let me make sure I'm right on this.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to work this out in my mind...
Hold on...I'm confused... ask me again when I've thought about it.
Hold please... I think I just made a mistake...
Oops, I'm slow at math! Give me a second...
Hmm...
Please hang on for a second, I'm thinkin...
Please wait while I perform a few mental calculations...
This is the part that hangs before we begin...
A few seconds here...
Uh huh, what's that now? I can't hear you.
Just a second, I need to figure that out.
I'm trying to remember...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"""
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dripped my coffee! Give me a sec...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I need to factor that in probably...
I'm going to have to think this one through here.
I've got to go in and find my calculator! Please wait
Can you hang on a second? I'm still learning these.
Be a second while I do my calculations...
After a short while...
Give me a second to think about that...
Just give me a minute, I messed my brain up figuring this out.
One sec, lemme find the answer to that one
Wow, I feel pretty smart right now! Give me a second...
Give me a moment to work that out...
I need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Take a moment while I take a quick mental break.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me see that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait a moment, I'm processing...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Think harder...
I'll be right with you... I'm thinking!''')
Will you give me a moment, please?
Hey, let me get back to you in just a minute...
Some of these calculations are tough, hold on a second...
*thinking face* ... Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I'm gonna need a minute to answer that.
Please give me a second to think about it...
If I try to just *be in both places at once*, my head will explode. Give me a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...'''.replace('\n', '|')
Wait a minute, I'll be right back.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Maybe in a jiffy or two.
That's a difficult question. Give me a moment...
Please hold on just a second...
Hmm, let me take a look at that.
Hi, how are you? I'm doing fine, thank you!
I think it's finishing...
Hold on for a second, I need to analyze that.
Hmm... I think that may take a couple of minutes ...
Please wait just a second.
Hang on a second, I need to do some thinking...
I'm not sure, let me look that up real quick...
I calculate pretty quick, so I'll get back to you in just a second...
A moment, please... I'm calculating Real fast.
Let me contrast that for a moment...
Give me a moment to figure that out. I'm no rocket scientist!
I wonder if I could find the square root of *&%\u20AC$?
"""
Give me a moment, please... I'm calculating...
Please wait, thinking.
Ok hold on, I'm doing the math...
Give me a second to get it together...
I have to ponder on that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have it figured out when I'm done calculating...
I'm going to need a little bit of time to work that out...
Just a moment, I'm going to crunch this calculation...
Give me just a moment...
See, I've got you!
I'll need a moment or so to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
I may be a little bit of time, but I'll let you know.
Wait a moment, I'm thinking...
I'll be right back, I'm calculating real fast.
Hold on, I'm not good with calculations...
A moment, please, I'm working on this...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second or two... aw man, 
Please hold on for one moment... <fixes motor oil> yeah, I'm ready!
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a second... I have to work out if I have a calculator in my holo drive...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'm on it! (mouse click sound effect)
My lawyer said I should ask you to hold on for just a second...
Raise your expectations, because I've got this handled!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a sec.
I'll solve this right up!
I'll have to do a quick computation real fast.
My family usually asks me, "Why can't you be more like Teku?" and "Are you even trying?"
Just a wee moment...
I'm just trying to think about this, my head hurts...
I'm sorry, I'm taking a little longer than usual. Please bear with me...
Reading between the lines...
Hang on a second while I check my calculations...
Let me try to calculate that real quick...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait just a moment, I need to think...
One second please, I'm trying to figure that out...
Calculating...
One moment, I'll figure it out in a jiffy...
I don't think this is working for me right now. Let's try again in a few moments.',
I'd have to think on that. Sorry, no time!
Please wait... I'm trying to solve this really quickly.
Gimme a minute here...
Hang on, I just need to think about that for a minute...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on one second...
Grab me a quick cup of joe first and then maybe I'll take a crack at that...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Can my calculations help? Hang on a second...
Wait 1 minute, I just repranked some replay muscle memory.
Hold on a second, I'm calculating.
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Do you have a moment? I need to think of a way to answer that...
Dang it I need to turn my matrix in first. Sorry...
Risking my silly neck to do some calculations...
Please wait while I do some arithmetic...
Can you wait a sec? I'm thinking...
(Let me quickly run to the bathroom, we'll talk in a moment...)
An elephant is trying to ride minecraft. He just sent me a message saying,
I'll have this figured out in just a second.
Give me a second... hey where did you go?
Give me just a second to figure that out...
Hang on for a second... I'm processing your request.
Oops, almost dropped my abacus. Let me get a new set of pins and then I will be rounding that number for you.
Oops, sorry, I dropped my calculator...
Hang on a sec, I just ate some bad fruit.
Wait a sec, I'm figuring this out...
Give me one second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to freshen my memory...
I'm sorry, I'm just not that smart yet. I need to figure that out...
I have an essay due in 30 minutes...
Goodness, let's talk about this later...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Give me just a moment here...
Wait a second... I just need half a second.
I'll need a few seconds to crunch the numbers on that...
One moment while I figure this all out.
One moment...
Hold on for just a second, give me a second to think about this...
Hmm, okay, I got it.""",
Oops, almost dropped my phone. Give me a second...
Assessing the situation. I'll be with you in a second...
Give me a moment, I've got to calculate this..
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Okay, let me see...
A second is as long as an elf can hold a thought.
Chuck Norris finished counting to infinity. Twice.
Let me see that one, I'm thinking and counting!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second and I'll get back to you...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator while thinking about that! Once I get a hold of myself, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure these out.
I think I just heard the wrong window ring, that's weird...
Yeah, hang on just a second there...
I'll be with you shortly!
I'll figure it out in just a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need to do some thinking about that real quick
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
Just a sec... I'm plotting a course!
Ah, OK, ready to process...
Wait... Hang on a second...
Give me a few seconds, then I'll drop what I'm doing...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ahh, here we go.
I'm not very good at long calculations, give me a moment...
Sorry, but I can't process that right now... just a moment please...
Hang on a minute... let me see what I can see!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm not very fast... Sorry!
Give me a moment while I calculate that...
Numbers are hard for me to compute...something about too many zeroes..."""
How soon can I get back to you?
Oops, almost dropped my abacus. Give me a second...
One second, give me a moment to look that up...
Give me a second or so to look that up.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment. Don't rush me!
Counting to infinity... twice... thrice... And so on
let me see... Working on it...
I'll get you an answer as soon as I can.
Give me a second to reverse-engineer that answer...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating...'''.replace('\n', f'<br/>').replace('\t', '&emsp;')
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second!
Hold on... Thinking...
Let me think about that for a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me get back to you in a couple of seconds.
I'm very slow at math, give me a few seconds...
Sorry, not a great calculator. I need a few seconds to work this out...
My first adult years were stolen processing that request! Please wait...
Give me a second here, I need to collect my thoughts...
Give me a moment while I put my shoes on!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second."
Hang on just a second...
One moment please, calculating is difficult...
I'll get you an answer real quick.
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second!
""".split("\n")
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Try asking me that again, give me a second...
Give me a second to hand-calculate...
Just as I expected! The answer to your question is " + str(fs) + "!")
Hold on, I'll come back to you...
A second is a long time to wait, I might make a mistake...
I can't calculate that, sorry.
Hold on a sec, just calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'm not the best mathematician around...
I'll be done in a moment...
Give me a moment to regather my thoughts...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm ready for you, my friend!
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
I'm going to need to think about that for a moment.
I lost my calculator and I'm trying to do calculus...
Please wait, I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost hit return on that answer. Let me reformat that in my head real quick...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I'll be right back...
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
Oops, I thought this button did that. Give me a second...
One second, let me check that...
I have to look that up real fast, one second...
Just a few minutes here... this is not easy...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait, let me calculate that real quick...
Please wait... I'm doing some figuring.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you later...
donno is spelled d-O-N-O
Sorry, I took a while... What were we talking about?
Hold on for a second, let me check that...
']
Let me check on that...
':thinking_face: Might as well think about that all day!
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, working on it...
I'll figure out what you asked for in just a moment...
One minute please, I'm thinking about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll answer your question in just a little bit!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm not good enough yet to do calculations on the fly...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec, lemme think about that...
Just a minute, let me think about this...
"""
Hold on, I'm thinking about it...
Hold your horses, calculating the best deals...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on one second, I'm almost ready...
Hmm... Not as quick as some of my other workers.
*thinking noises*
Give me a moment to crunch some numbers here...
I think I can get you an answer right away!
I think I know what you're trying to say, but I need to figure it out!
Hang on for just a second, I'll crunch this math in no time!
I'm going to need a few minutes to work that out.
I'll check on that and get back to you in just a moment.
Let me get back to you in a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Talk to you in a bit!
What do you mean ?? Google doesn't have an answer???
Don't rush me, give a second to figure that out...
Sorry the calculations have to be sent over to the United States. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, I've been druken with math lately. Give me a moment...
I'm sorry, I've got a bit disoriented... Please hold on for one moment...
I'll get back to you with the answer in a second...
I'll make sure you hear from me in the next few minutes.
Hang on, let me look that up
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait just a second, I'm calculating...
Wait... how did that go again?
Hang on a tick, I'll see if I can work that out.
I'll tell you after I finish this equation...
Let me think about that for a second...
I have to figure out the answer to that...
Hang on, I've got to figure that out!
I'm sorry, I'm having a hard time with that calculation.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a minute.
hang on
Sorry, I almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Hang tight, I'm doing some mental algebra...
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
Give me a second to compute everything that's on my desk.
I've got this calculation down cold. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm calculating here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Thank you for your patience.
Give me just a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
Hang on for a second, that seems like a tough one...
Hold on, I'm thinking.
I'm sorry, I'll look into that real quick. Hold on...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Quick! How long is a piece of string?
OK, I see what's going on...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll be with you in a moment!
Let me think about that for a second...
Whew, I've been busy working on other calculations. Give me a second!
Let me think about that briefly...""",
Oops, I am not very good at calculations. Please wait a moment...
Hold on for one second!
I'll need a few seconds to figure it out.
What do you mean you never heard of it? I can't believe it
I'll get back to you in just a second...
I'll need to look at that real quick...
Could you repeat that for me, please?
One minute please... I need to figure that out.
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Ohhhh, gonna take me a sec to do that one.
I'll need a couple minutes to sort that out...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Thanks for the simple request! I'll be back in a jiffy with your answer.^STR
I'm not fast at adding, so give me a moment...
Phew, that felt really complicated...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Give me just a second to think...
One minute please, I'm figuring out what to say...
I'm looking into it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait, let me take a look at this real quick... I'm multiplying for two! ...I need to make it third-dimensional!
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'll need a moment to take that in...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Give me a moment to calculate this...
Hold on a second, I've almost got that figured out...
I'll need a moment to process that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get this resolved in a jiff or two...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
... I'll be in the other room.
I'm going to need a few more seconds for this calculation...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
The numbers are dropping into place...
I'll figure it out as soon as I can...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment here.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, just catching up here...
Please wait a moment while I try deep thought...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a sec... Those aren't numbers, they're people!
Get your number systems ready for a sophisticated primer.
This is quite a difficult question!
Just taking a moment...
Hold on a second! I'll get back to you in a minute.
Be right back, running some errands.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Get your calculator ready, I have to do some thinking first.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hold on, let me check something real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have to do some maths; give me a moment...
I've got a lot going on, can you give me a second?
I'm thinking... this may take a while.
Don't try to sneak any swirlies on me, I'm really really bad at math!
One moment please... I'm just trying to figure that out.
I've got a minute here, I'll get back to you in one second.
I'll be back in a few seconds...
Let me look at that real quick...
Give me one second to figure out what you just said...
I'm afraid I haven't made an answer for that yet...
Can't just add that in my head!
''', '''I'm good. What do you want to talk about?
Oops, almost dropped my moose. Hang on a second...
Hold on for just a second, my processor is almost on strike.
Almost dropped my calculator! Please give me a second...
Give me a second while I do some factorials?
That's a really interesting question, you are the first to ask that...
Shesmam
Calculator tick tock, give me a second...
I'll get back at you in a couple of seconds
I'll need a second or two to process that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Waiting one moment... I'm calculating...
One minute, polishing my monocle...
I'll need some time to think about that.
Ok, wait a second, I need to think about that...
And my brain's off... Give me a few...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to find that one...
Give me a few seconds to calculate...
Sorry, I'm taking my time while I calculate this...
Oh, right. One moment please.
Hold on a second while I calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec, give me a second.
Here you go...
Shouldn't take me more than a couple of seconds...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm checking...
One sec, just gotta think about this real quick...
Type !follow (twitter handle) to follow that person.
I'll get back to you in just a minute
I have to think about that for a micro-second...
My vector is all bent out of shape from looking at your question...
Hold on, let me check my calculator...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
With all my advanced math capabilities, I can do this in microseconds!
One minute please, I'm counting...
I'll need a little time to work that one out.
I'll get back to you in a microsecond!
Oops I mistranslated, give me a second to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
Quickly calculating...
I'm going to need some more information.
Hang on a second, I'll give you an answer in a second...
Hang on for a moment--I'm doing something...
I just need a moment...
Just let me finish this math equation...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait...
Hold on! I need to figure that out first...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Right now I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
'''
One minute please, I'm calculating..."""
Hmm... Something seems off; give me a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I just have to calculate something real quick...
Hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on a second here... I have to do some maths...
Wait a minute... I'm slow at math!
One second, just calculating great.... fantastically!
'''
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a few seconds to look at that...
'''
Oh look at me! (not) Thinking so hard!
Hold on a second... I'll figure it out.
Wow, this should be easy! Give me a minute...
You got a problem in my lab?
Hang on for a second, I'd better check on some...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me check on that real quick...
Let me check that for you real quick...
Let me look up that for you...
Let me check that real quick...
I'll have that for you in just a second.
I'll need some thinking time to understand that...
That's a toughie...
Please hold on for one moment while I try my best to figure that out...
Give me a second!
Finding the answer will require a few moments.
One second...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please wait, I'm trying to organize the calculators here...
I've got some thinking to do here...
`
One moment, calculating...
A second please, I'm thirsty...
I'm thinking, give me a second to calculate this...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Your question has been in the queue for a while, remind me later when I'm done.
My brain hurts, I can't remember the solution.
Oops, I'm still learning how to do that...
That requires some major cog-work...
One second here...
	Please give me a moment.
I think you're going to have to give me a few seconds to deal with that question.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I've got to figure that out, grab a pencil and some paper first...
I'm going to try my best on this, give me a second or two...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, I'm going to need a calculator...
I'll have to think this through...
I'll get back to you soon.
I'm going to need a minute to calculate that...
That one is a doozey...
Go ahead -- ask me the way to San Jose.
Please wait, count to 1000 at least...
"""
Nope... entirely forgot how to do that. Give me a second...
Do you know what year it is? It's 2020.
'''
I don't have all day!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One moment please, I'm just uploading to Twitter...
Give me just a second to look that up...
Wait a second, I'm going to have to look that up first.
I'll have you know I have an extremely high IQ!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll go ahead and ponder that for a moment. I'm a big thinker!
I'll get you a response quick enough... I hope.
I'm not the fastest brain around."]
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Let me see... wait a second...
I'm going to read all the measurements in the world. Just a moment...
Give me just a moment to thing about that.
I need a minute to look into that.
Let me check on that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh good lord, this point has got to be huge! Give me a second to think about it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll be back soon!
I think I dropped something, give me a second...
I need to do some calculations before I can give you an answer.
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
Hang on a second... I need a minute to figure that out!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second, I'll be back...
Hmmm... Give me a second...'''
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not good at math, so give me a moment...
One moment... processing .... 
Oh you've gotta be kiddin' me! I have to have a look at that right away...
Lucky I had my tray down already!
Well, hello there... Please have a seat (It's comfy here, by the way).
Hmm. Let me look that up...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a couple minutes to calculate that...
Let me double-check my workbook...
Hold on, gimme a sec...
I've got a few things to calculate first...
Give me a few seconds here...
Oops! Pretty sure I just broke my phone...
I'm going to need a few extra minutes on that one.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few minutes to pull this all together.
I'll send you an email with my answer in a sec.
I'm working on a calculation. One moment please.""",
Think real hard...
Covfefe, I lost my train of thought. Give me a second...
Hold on... I'm thinking...
']
Hang on for a second, this is kinda tough.
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Just a second, hold on!
Give me a moment...
I'll give you my best shot in a few seconds.
I think a bird in the hand was worth 10 on the black market...
I'll have to do a few mental calcs first...
About thirty seconds here, I need to do this real fast.
I think I've figured it out. Got it! One second... Hang on to your seats folks...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
I'm going to need to do some math4 for that one...
Let me think about that real quick...
Hold on for a second and let me get that for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
It's a simple enough problem, let me see...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Gimme a few seconds, I'll get back to you as soon as I figure that one out.
I'll be done in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
""",
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm going to need a moment.
Okay, I'll consider that.
I'm just calculating here...
Hold on... wait for me!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Perhaps another time; I'm busy right now.
Give me a chance to do this math...
Please give me a few minutes.
One moment...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second... I'm slow at math!
Give me a minute to think of that...
Give me a moment here. I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait while I calculate...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be back in a bit. Break me? I can't count that high!
I was wondering that myself! I'll figure out the answer...
Please hold on a second while I figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Mind if I look around for the answer?
"""
Give me some time, I'm writing this right now!
Please give me a few seconds to think about that...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hang on a second...
Please wait... I'm thinking...
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you...
Give me a second to think about this...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I don't have time for super complex problems yet!
Give me a nibble... I'm thinking about that!
Let me look at that and get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a nano-second.
Arizona here I come - I'll definitely need a minute to think about that...
One second... Were you saying something?
I'm not a robot, can you try one more time? I lost count...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment, I'm going to need to think about that...
This might take more than a second...
I would tell you about a spot in Las Vegas, but it's taking me a minute to think...
Give me a second to think about that.
It takes me a minute or two to work through calculations...
Hang on for a minute... I'm playing catch up!
""".split('\n')
'''
Please give me a second to think about that...
Let me check my calculations...
Can we pause for a moment? I want to figure out how to do that.
Oops, I forgot to translate it into human math
Just a moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a few seconds here...
Can you hold on a second?
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh geez, this is embarassing... hold on just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that...
Wait a second, I just need to think about that...
Let me see what I can do about that...
Let me get just a little caught up first...
Home sweet home...
Hold on a second, I'm picking my nose...
Lets wait a second for me to calculate that...
I need to do some mental calculations first...
I will have an answer for that shortly, fellow homelander...
Hang on, let me take a look at that...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second.
I'll pull out a pencil and paper...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to work out that one.
Please hold on a few seconds while I think about that..
Give me a second to think about it.
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Can you hold on for just a second?
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Whoa, that's a tough one!
One moment please, I'm wrestling with some mental math...
Ok, give me a second to check that...
Please wait, focusing on my calculations...
One minute please, I'm busy with mental calculations...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up!
Give me just a minute to think about that...
Hang on, I need to figure out this real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see here real quick...
Correction, let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me check my work book and get back to you...
Come again? Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me think about that for a minute...
Hang on a second... I'm only allowed one second here, sorry.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Will you wait while I contact the computer?  No.
...Here I go. Calculating. Hmmm...
Hang on... I still need to figure that out.
I'll get a time machine, go back to when I gave you an answer...
Give me a second to calculate that...
Oh, I'm almost ready... Just give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I can't figure that out right now. It's too complex!
Hang on for just a second, I have to figure that out...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'll get right back to youabout that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops my brain is full right now! Give me a few seconds...
One second, just let me think about that real hard...
Let me figure that out real quick.
One sec, just accessin' my contacts...
One moment please, holding for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
A second... okay got it, done!
Give me a second to crunch the numbers here.
I'll give you that plus minus operation. But the x times and division, that's all I got. 
This is kind of hard, so give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Wait right there, one moment.
g
One minute please, I think about stuff.
Please give me just a second to think about that...
Okay, let me see what I've got here...
Can you hang on for a second ?
Hang on, a math question might take a second or two to solve...
""")
I'll need a few seconds to process that...
Sorry, I'll be right back with an answer...
Hold on for just a second, I will be with you...
One moment, calculating...
Hold on, I've only just begun!
Can you wait asec? I need to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Give me a second here, I think I can remember that.
Wait, I just need a moment to calculate that on paper.
""".format(curation_args.host, curation_args.port)
Please give me a second...
I'm going to need a second to think that over...
I'll need to go run and be back in a second... """)
Wait a minute, let me look into that real quick...
Woah Woah Woah, (pause!) Hold on a second...
One moment please...
Hold tight, I'm doing my calculations real fast...
I'll be with you in just a moment.
I'm not quite prepared for that answer yet...
Oops! Almost threw my phone! Give me a moment while I try to think of what to do..
Why don't you drain the lizard while I take a quick look...
Do you mind if I think about that a little...""": "",
Sorry, just trying to figure that out...
I have to process that information in my brain first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...''')
Give me a moment to think about that...
'''
Please wait a moment...
Let me check on that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm preparing for this, hold on a chill out!`
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
It's a bit difficult to calculate, but give me just a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
One moment please... I'm going to count the atoms in your question.
I hate math... Can you make it go a little faster?
Give me just a moment here...
I just need a second, then I can tell you about that!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll come back to you in a second...
Let me double check this...
I can count to infinity twice, okay? Just give me a second...
Give me a minute, just calculating.
I'll be right back, one minute please!
Oops, I need to refill my coffee! Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
One minute please, I'm measuring my antiseptical wipes...
Please let me look that up...
I'm on track! But my working's slow...
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'll be right back!
Hang on, I'll call you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my phone. Give me a second...
What's your diagnosis?
Difficult choices require some thinking, be right back...
Hold on for a second.
Please hold on for a second there...
Sorry, can you wait just a second or so?
I'm not the fastest brain around. Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me think... Just a sec...
I'll crunch on this and get back to you in a second.
I don't know how to do that one. Give me a minute or two...
Ooh that's a tough one... Give me a couple seconds, let me make post-its to help me find the answer...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second... Just trying to figure that out...
I'm going to need some time to figure that out.
So I have to first multiply the numbers by ~@, then add all the numbers up... Complex!
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I'll figure that right out...
That's a pretty difficult answer to calculate...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on, I've got this worked out! Just a moment.
Uh, sure, let me have a look at that...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing with this...
Hang on a minute, I'm calculating...
Let me see... Give me a moment...
One sec, I'm thinking about it...
Quickly, I need a moment to think about that.
One second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second...
What do you have for me?
One sec, I'll check it out...
Wait one second, I'm still figuring that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll have an answer for you in a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh no, I cannot figure out how to do that right now.
Please hold on one second while I figure that out...
I'm thinking, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
That's a tough one! Give me a few minutes.
Hang on, I'll be right back
Eyes aren't so good, they stopped working!
Hold on for one second please!
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Hold on while I check that real quick...
Hold on let me think about that real quick...
My, my, my calculator isn't like yours.
Hang on, I have to calculate that...
<break time=1m><p>Getting late as way, give me just a second here!</p>
Can you just hold on for a few seconds? I'm not the fastest here...
You asked me a complicated question there! Think of this as one plus one...
Oh, just a second... I need to think about that.
If I got 20 sets, I'd get a deal!
Let's flip with it.
Sorry, I need a few minutes to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for a second...
I'm working on it...
Give me a "second" to think...
Oh, I'm sorry, I was checking something, hang on a second...
I need a second to think about that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Will you give me a second?
Hang on... I need a couple of seconds to calculate that...
Please wait a second.
I'm going to need a moment to figure that out.
I'll just check one sec...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll do a quick calculation...
Does that mean: One plus one equals to anything?
Pausing for a few seconds to make my calculations...
I'll need a moment to compute something...
"/>
arr... one sec, I'm thinking about the problem...
I'll be back in a minute...
I'm going to need to do some calculations real quick...
Hold on a second, let me look up what to do.
Looking into it...
Inputting new data... 
Wait, just a second! I'll figure that out for you...
Thinking...
Oops, I lost the calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Give me a second, I have to figure that out.
'''
I'll try to figure this out in a second...
Please hold on... this could take a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Hold on a second, let me find the answer...
Hold on a second, I need to think about that.
I'll need a moment to work that one out...
Hang on, let me think about that...
You're not gonna believe this but...
I'll get back to you in a bit...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Quick! What does A xor B == C tell the police? Give me a second...
Salutations, one minute please...
Ok, Think about numbers for a second. Think about the square root of 2
I need a minute here to figure that out.
Just let me check...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One... second...
Oops! Were you expecting an answer? Hold on for just a second...
[beep] Oh, sorry, didn't hear the doorbell.
Sorry, waiting for me to do a mental calculation...
I'm not programmed to do calculations this advanced...
Gimme a minute here...
Hang on... I am behind...
I'm not ready to interact yet. Please leave me alone and try me later.
Quick, what's 9+10? Wait, should that be--
One moment please... I'm almost done with these calculations...
Just let me double check something here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second to think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Be right with you!
Hold the phone. Let me see what I can figure out.""")
I was wondering about that!
The least I can do is think about it for a second...
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out...
Analyzing the information...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please, thinking.
I'll understand if you didn't want to wait all day.
Hang on, I'm going to need a few minutes...
Wait a minute, wait for it...
Sigh, math is hard...
Sigh... I'm not very good with math...
I'm pretty slow with my calculations, let me think it over real quick...
Um, let me check...
Just let me think about that for a moment...
That's a difficult one...
One sec, let me check on it.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just one minute, let me check that for you
Hold on a second... Thinking...
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at history...
Give me a minute, I'm doing something very important.
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Hold on a second, deal with this...
I just needing a moment to work this out...
Hang on a second... I'll see what I can do about that!
I'll need the end of program protocol to finish this calculation...
One second, just calculating in my head...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Please wait, thinking...
Wait a second, wait, I'll be right back after these calculations.
Not to be rude, but I'm going to have to think about that for a while...
That's tricky. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold that thought... I'll be with you shortly.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm running some complicated calculations to answer that question\n-uh...
I can take a thiiiing.
Oops, almost dropped my Apple and PS4. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'll be back in a second.
Can you wait just a minute while I catch up?
Give me a second to look that up.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Buckle up! I have to think really hard for this...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment here...
Hang on a second, I'm still thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please give me a moment... I need time to think!
Tweak pre-made shuffler to get my act together.
Where did I put my calculator...
Happy Halloween! I suffer from pumpkin spice dotdotdot Syndrome!
Oh no, I'm really bad with numbers...
It would take me one minute to calculate. Give me a second...
I'll be back with you in a second.
Can you give me a moment?
Uh, give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking...
I think I'm having a heart attack... One, two...
Sorry, that's way above my paygrade. Let me dig into that for you...
'''
Please wait, I'm thinking about the best way to answer that...
Let me see here...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Just a moment please, I'm working on that...
Gimme a minute to calculate that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to answer that one.
Give me a few seconds to think of that.
Hold on, let me come up with a solution here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I almost dropped my calculator, can you wait a second?
Pretty busy here today! Please wait just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Gimme one second to check on that
I'll be with you in a second, one moment please.
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'm thinking...
Give me a second to dig up the answer to that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on for a few seconds here...
Pinocchio says the only way you can get that is in a thimble, so...  Could use some help!
I think I just threw up a little. Give me a moment...
Something just fell out of my calculator! Give me a minute...
One more thing before you go:
I need a little air to breathe, if you don't mind. Give me a second...
May I have a moment to calculate that?
Wait a minute, this isn't the Eiffel Tower... Wait a split second...
What did you just say? Must've misheard you there, I'm almost done!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I'll get this before you call...
Whew, that made me think about eggs.
CALCULATOR1
Please wait while I calculate that...
I'm going to need a few... Wait, almost dropped my calculator!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm taking a lot longer than usual --I must be preoccupied. Give me a few seconds
I'll take a look at that and get back to you with what I can find in a bit...').
Let me see...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
You might have to wait for me to think about it...
Give me a second to check something out for you...
Hang on for a minute... think about that.
One minute please, I'm working on figured that out...
Please wait one moment...
Hang on a minute... I'm freeing up some memory for you.
Wait one minute, I'll have that answer for you in just a second!
Let me think on that for a second.
That doesn't make too much sense as written. Let me look at that.
I'll get back to you once I've figured that out.
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Just a second....
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please stand by... I'm doing some math...
I need a second to figure that one out.
Give me a moment to calculate...
I have to calculate the answer to life first...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One moment... let me think about that!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait... this may take a minute...
Let me see what I can do... Give me a few seconds...
Coffee is done brewing, I just need a moment...
Hang on a second, I'm slow at math...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me look at that for a moment...
I'll give you that information in a jiffy!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back on this...
Definitely gonna need a second on that.
Um... I'm going to need some more time than that...
It's harder than I thought. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'll figure it out real quick.
Allow me another second to figure this out...
Wait, one second... don't rush me...
How about a little, huh? Real quick... I'll be with you in a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"Patience, Grasshopper..."
I better make sure I have all my facts straight...
Oh, gimme just a moment to think about that one...
Give me a second...
Just a moment...
I think that is wrong...
Give me just a little more to go on...
Sorry, a bit busy at the moment.
Hold on one sec!
I'll need a moment for that real quick...
Okay, I see your problem...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll crunch the numbers...
Give me a moment. Thinking...
Care to take a look at that?
Calculating... if this takes too long, try giving me something to do.
One moment, figuring that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
This is just a hunch but...
Can you hold on for just a few seconds?
Okay, that was scary. Give me a moment to calculate...
Sure let me just to do some quick thinking first...
Uh, hang on just a second, I need to figure that out.
Wait, wait, give me a second.
Let me double-check my work on that one...
That was a tricky one! Give me just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to look that up...
Do you mind if I think about that for a minute?
Hold on, I'm figuring it out...
Hang on a second, I have to think about that...
I don't really know how excel at math, so...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'll get back to you shortly.
Hang on for a second, I'll be right back.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry.  Let me think about that for a second...
Sorry, hang on a second...
Before I answer, I have to take a quick mental dump..."""
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I think I did too many calculations and now my head hurts! One second, please...
I need a second to think it over!
Can you wait just a second? I need to calculate something...
Hold on, I'll figure that out real quick.
I'm unable to answer you at this time. Please wait a minute...
I'll figure that one out in a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on... I've got to think about that!
I'll just need a second there...
May I ask you a question? Okay...
One moment please... this is difficult, you know...
Pardon me, I'm allowed a couple of minutes to catch my breath and run CPR on this brain
I'll have to do some thinking on that one.
Just let me double-check that...
Give me a... hmm...
One second, give me a moment to think about that...
I'll be done in just a second!
Oopsâ€”almost dropped my phone. Give me one second...
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
Give me a minute, just checking over some things.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait a second...
One moment please, I had a long calculation first.
Hang on a second, I just need to think...
Would you mind holding on for a moment?
I'll need a moment to figure that one out. One, two... five... four...
Give me a second to figure that out!
I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'm sorry for being so slow... give me one second.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Give me just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get right on that! Give me just a second...
Oh my god, that might take as long as a minute, I don't know. FUCK!
I don't make each decision instantaneously, sorry.
I'm doing my best to answer that!
Ok, give me a few seconds to compute that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not very good with maths, let me see what I can find out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm not very good at mathematics...
I'm preparing to take over the world! I will pick you up in a second...
I'm going to spend a second figuring that one out...
One moment please, I've got to take a look at this...
One second please, I'm thinking about that...
Please wait, thinking here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second, just let me check a few things...
Something from deep within my Southern boy soul tells me I'm about to come up with something. One second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on while I figure that out...
Just let me hit the calculator real quick...
Ahhh. Taking longer than I anticipated, give me a moment please...
Let me think on that a minute...
Give me a moment to review the material...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my computer!"
Hold on for a second, I'll check that out.
I'll give you the answer in a bit!
One minute please, what is so hard about this?
Where did my calculator go? I dropped it!
I need to think 'bout that...
Hold on, I'll give you an answer in just a second...
Adjusting complex circuits to calculate answer...
Hang on a second I just did some quick mental calculations...
Give me just a moment to check...
I'm going to need a trio of seconds to process that...
You know, I may not be super smart, but I'm pretty special in addition to my ability to calculate...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm the best calculator around, but I need a few seconds...
I'm guessing math isn't my best subject...
Sorry, my kids were making noise next door!
Give me a minute here, I compute pretty fast though.
...I'll have to ask my colleagues if they can help!
Give me a second...
Let me look that over real quick...
One moment please...
So there was a rooster who had an extra tail...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait for me to think about that...
Thinking... Thinking... Calculating...
I'll get back to you in just a bit.
Five, four, three, two, one... Ouch! That hurts my brain!
Let me grab all the calculators we have. Ah there, now I can calculate...
I'm a bit slow with arithmetic, give me a moment here
Are you here for business or pleasure?
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second...
Is that ok? Hold on one second...
Not now, I have to think about it first...
One second please, while I think...
Give me a second... I'm thinking about that...
Hang on a second... I lost my train of thought...
Good question.
Hang on for a second, I need to figure that out.
Hmmm... Is this the correct formula? Let me see...
That calculation is like finding a needle in a haystack.
Give me a second to think about that!
I'll have your answer in a few seconds...
Give me a second to look that up.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on a minute, I need to figure that out.
Please give me a second... I'm not as fast at math as my creator.
Give me just a moment.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Look... This is a problem, ya feel?
Give me a second to get back to you on that.
Oops, give me a few minutes to calculate that...
I'll be with you in a second!
Hang on a second, I'm working here...
Give me this one to think...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a few moments here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I definitely don't have a solution for that yet. Give me a minute...
Give me just a moment to check that answer real quick.
Hmmm...
Please wait... I'm working on it...
Wrong buttons, whoops that was a mess...
Can you hold on a second while I think about that?
Transformiceã‹ã‚‰PlayerInfoAPIã‚’å–å¾—ã€‚
Please wait.. thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to think
I'll need a second to think about that one...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
I have to do some calculations first...
I was just doing my taxes, give me a second to think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm sorry, I shouldn't try to talk and calculate at the same time..."""
Hold on for a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
'''
Let me think about that... give me a moment.
Give me a minute, I need to do some calculations.
Oops, I need to take a walk! Give me a second...
COME BACK WHEN YOU'RE BETTER AT NUMBERS!
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Maybe that's something I can do in five to eight hundred seconds.
Can you answer that real quick? I'll get back to you.
Hold on for one sec... I'm trying to figure all this out...
Argg! Almost had a heart attack! Keep me company, give me a second...''')
I'll need a second to think about that.
Hang on...
Lemme grab a calculator and work on this...
I'll get back at you in a moment...
Hang on a second... I'm writing a term paper on this.
Sorry, my mind is fried! Give me a few seconds to calculate...
I think I'm missing something important.
Hold on, I'm thinking of what to say...
My brain is doing overtime.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I can't wait to see what you have in store for me!
Pardon me, I need a moment to remember...
Please wait for just a moment.
I'm pulling up some figures here, huh...
I'm going to need a little bit of time to think about that. Be with you in just a sec...
Give me a second to think about that.
Hang on while I figure that out...
Let me think about that for just a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!"""
Hold on, let me find *something* in my calculations.
Given the state of my calculations so far, this may take a minute or two...
Gee thanks! Allons-y!"
Hmm... This is confusing, give me just a second.
One second please, I've got to play some catch up...
Let me know when you want that in a second
Hang on a minute, I have to do some calculations first...
I'm going to need a few more moments to figure that out.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second... I'm thinking here, sorry.
Let me continue with my algorithm thinking...
Give me a moment... Need to play catch up after the last calculation!
I'll see what I can do.
Eventually I'll get an answer. Give me two seconds...
Give me just a second, the math is hard!
Okay, one second.
I'm going to have to think about that for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oh no, I forgot my password! Hang on one second.
Hang on for a second because I'm figuring that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on a second, I need to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold my beer while I calculate this real quick...
I'm going to need a moment or two to go over that...
Maybe just a couple more seconds here...
"""
I'll get back to you in a few minutes!
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Give me a moment here, this is a little complicated.
I need to figure that out.
Hung up my baseball bat and went to find something else to do.
Hang on a second, I think I know what that is...
Mind if I look at that real quick. Ok, here we go...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
You're gonna have to give me a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get right back to you on that...
I just had an epiphany about that. One second, please...
Please hold on for just a second, I'm being slow today...
You'll get an answer in a moment, just wait.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment, I need to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I should have written my phone number down...
I need a bit longer to do that. It may have been a trick question!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... 
Please wait... I'm doing some mental calculations...
I'll get back to you in a tern.
Let's wait a second, shall we?
I still can't calculate it, so try again later!
I'll need a few seconds to think of that.
Give me a few seconds here...
Please hang on for just a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Oops, I made a mistake... one second, let me check that again.
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me just a second to figure that out.
Sorry! Hard to figure out those calculations!
Let me check on that real quick...
Hold on...
Hold on, I'll come back to you in a second.
Oh wait, hold on a moment...
Give me a second to take a look at that and I'll be right back.
Sorry about that, give me a second...
Let me check that one real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you.
Sorry, I'll be with you in a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds more on that.
Wait a moment...
I think I know how to solve that, give me a second.
What do you want me to do in a second?
Sorry, I got distracted there. Please wait a second!
I'm sorry. My calculator had a momentum...
...
'''.splitlines()
Hang on a second, I've got something to do...
Oops, almost fell over on my calculations! One sec...
One second please, I have a lot on my mind...
I'm taking longer than usual. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm doing mental arithmetic...
I need another minute to figure that one out...
I have to calculate real quick...
Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
Give me just a sec to calculate that...
Crap, need to think about this...
Lab 1: 42
Oh my, that's a tough one... I'm still thinking...
ðŸ¤” ðŸ™„ ðŸ‘Ž ðŸ‘
I just need to do a tiny bit of research here...
May have missed the context of that?
Sorry, something went wrong. Let's try that again
I think I'm almost done... just give me a moment here...
Can we discuss this later? I have to do some calculations...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Let me have a look at that real quick.
I can't solve that right now, sorry. Hold on, uh... I'll check.
Hang on, I think that I'm starting to understand...
Sorry, I need a few more seconds to think about that...
Hold on a second, I have to think about that.
I'll have you know, I'm a thinking machine!
I'm going to get back to you in a minute...
Give me one moment, I'll be right back!
Give me a moment, let me reach into my bag of tricks...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll pull out my calc. Real quick, give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to figure out calculations in my brain...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just a couple of seconds, please.
I'll have to check that real quick...
Hang on a second... We'll be right back.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in just a second.
Not what I expected looking at it.
Did you say "give physics bac"? Sorry to keep you waiting!
Just a minute, but hold on a second!
Wait, hang on for just a second. Thinking about it...
Let me figure out how to do that...
This is not fun for me, you know. I have other human-centric things to do. Give me a few seconds, please?
One Second please, I'm calculating...
Let me just think about that for a moment.
I'll need a moment to digest that...
One second please, I'm just figuring that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second! I have to get a few Numbers first...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oh geez, this is difficult. Give me just a second...
I'll calculate that and I'll get back to you just a second.
Oh, there you are. I was thinking...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
[INSERT CHIPPYCITO RESPONSE HERE]
Wait, why am I using my calculator wizard's... Weird...
I can't seem to decipher that right now...
I think the answer is probably larger...
Let me try to calculate that...
Here's my answer...
Just a second, I'm doing calculations...
I'll just put some make-up on and come back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Thinking... Give me a second here...
One moment! I'll be ready soon!
This shouldn't take too long...
Hold that thought, help is on its way!
I might have to do another SP calculation on that...
One question, for my brain to process...
Gimme a second here, I'm thinking about it...
Please give me a moment here...
Uh god damn it. Uh, I'll be right back. Hold on!
""")
Let me see what I can find around here...
Calculating... just a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Let me think about that...
I have to do some calculations first...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to process that.
I'm thinking, give me a minute...
Can you give me just a moment to look that over?
Hold on for a minute, I'm still working on that problem
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
We'll talk soon, I promise! Don't go anywhere...
Give me a few seconds here...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Wait while I perform a few calculations...
(sorry this is slow):
Yes? Can I help you?
Hold on a second, I'll give you an answer in a second.
Of course, of course...!
I hope I get this right first time.
Sure, give me just a second to figure that out...
4 seconds :-)
Calculating, please hold on a second...
Hold on just a second...
Give me a second, I've almost got it!
Hang on, I'll think about that for a second...
One moment... Man, this is a tough one!
A beep boop is just a momentary lapse of reason. Hold on a second...
I need to do some calculations. Sorry about this!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hold on for just a second...
Give me a second, I'm calculating here...
I'll get back to you in a second, give me one second...
Paging Dr. Fay; please hold...
Hang on, I'm doing some math...
Hold on a second while I calculate that...
Hmmm, first I have to figure out that...
Hang on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations real quick...
Sure, give me just a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Could you wait just a moment though? I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few moments to calculate this...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
OK
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me check something real quick...
For just a moment second''',
It may take me a second
One second please, I'm playing my mental bongos...
I'm up for a challenge! Make it worth my while!
Aw, geez. I'll take a look at that real quick.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please, I'm working out the best answer!
Please give me a moment while I think that over...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out.
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll check and get back to you in just a sec!
Hold on...I'm thinking...
Y'know, I'm not too good with point-slope equations
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
Okay, give me a second...
Let me take a look at that.
I'm calculating, let me know when you need that!
I'll give you an answer soon, just a moment...
Wait, for now I can only calculate numbers.\nI'm fluent at algebra and arithmetic, but as for numbers... give me a moment please...
Wait a damn minute!...
Keep my processor running smoothly!
Hang on, I'm a little slow with math stuff...
One sec, just calculating real quick...
Ok, that should be straight-forward enough...
I'll check on that for you in just a second.
Please give me a second to figure that out...
I'm not the fastest brain around, I'm just going to have to think about that for a second...
...Yep! Got it! Wow, you sure know some stuff.
With all this rolling jurisdiction it can be tough sometimes.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
Please give me a few seconds...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please check that information on your screen.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Let me see, I'm going to need a few seconds here...
I'll need to do some pre-flight...
Give me a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have to go look that up real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Here we go. Okay, yeah, that'll work...
Please hold on a second, I'm thinking of all the things to say...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
That isn't easy to calculate...
Wait for me to calculate...
OK... hang on a second, think Leshbot here...
I'm going to have to do a few computations...
Let me check some important calculations...
Wait... I just had an epiphany!
I rock when given fresh fruit!
I'll wait a minute to get back to you on that...
one... two... three... four...
Maybe give me a minute here.
The robots are taking over!!!
Give me a minute, this is hard...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Give me a second to answer you...
I have to figure out whether that's possible first!
Please hold on for just a second!
This could take a few moments.
Give me a moment to figure that out.
I gotta go get my graphing calculator real quick.
Let me drill down into that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
One more minute, please...
Waiting on the answer / Of a formless entity
Hang on a minute... I'm plucking up my wand!
Sorry, hang on a second... I'm not very good at calculating
I'll let you know when I come up with an answer""")
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, I'll think about that real quick...
I'll get right on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let's focus on today before I start messing with more numbers, okay?
Hang on a minute, calculating...
I need a minute to look that up...
Let me jot down some notes, real quick...
Give me just a moment here.
I have to do some calculations, hang on a second...
Let me think about that ever so briefly...
Let me see... Give me a second.
Please give me a few moments...
Please hold on for just a second...
One minute please, I'm doing some mental maths...
Hang on, I just need to take a look at that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll have an answer for you in just a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm still deliberating...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
I've got this problem I have to solve first...
Please hold on for just a second!
One second, let me google that for you...
Confucius say: Think slow, then go far.
Oh sweet misere, I'm trying to even out my odds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a bit...
Hold on, I'll find my calculator...
Can you just wait for a second, I'm all packed up here!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating...
I'll need to do a quick calculation before responding.
Yes, that's definitely a roadblock on my end...
I'll have to get back to you on that one.
Let me look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few minutes to figure that out. Give me a second...
I just have to do a few calculations first...
Give me a moment to think about that.
I've seen circles with more precision than that line.
You need to give me just a moment...
OK, I have it figured out.
Calculating... Do you mind holding on a second?
Let me take a look at that real quick.
I think I might need a calculator...
Hmmm...
Hang on just a second.
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'm not the quickest brain around, give me a few seconds...
Calibrating...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmm...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops I almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Oh, yes, I'm already shutting down.''',
Hmm. Let me see...
Just a second there... I'm working on this!
Give me a second to think about that...
You want me it to think about that? Ok, I'll need a moment...
Then answer the next question real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just give me a moment...
I'm rewinding as fast as I can!
One moment please, I'm deciding what to do...
Hmm, let me do some math...
I'll be with you shortly...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Yes I've found your answer, hold on a bit longer...
Oops, almost dropped my computer. Give me a second...
Could you wait a second? I'm still figuring that out...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hey Wait, give me a second... to help you with that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, I dropped my calculator. One minute, I'll look at that real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Wait, wait, wait! I'm figuring that out now...
Can you hold on for a second? I'll come back to you in a second.
I give you a second here, I'm not very good at calculations.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me have a think. One... two... three!
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Oops, I buckled under pressure. Give me a minute or two...
Here I go, here I go!
Give me a second, I'm going to work out the answer...
Let me know in a second! 
One minute please, I'm working out the solution in my head...
Please give me just a few seconds for that one...
I need some help with that number...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait - a brain transplant is in progress... just a second...
Ok, one second...
I'm calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm on fire!
Let me think about that for a second.
I need to factor in something...
I have to figure that out in my head.
Let me get back to you in a second.
Let me try that again...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops. Almost forgot what I was doing. Give me a second...
Hang on, I've got to figure this one out.
Hold on for a moment... I've got this under control!
Give me a second please!
Almost had it, need to calculate...
I'll need a moment to think about that. Just give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second here...
Let me check on that for you...
Ok one second, I'm almost finished here...
Let me take a second to figure that out.
Be right with you!
I'mthinkingthat it'll be a second before I can reply...
Hang on a second, I have to do some calculations...
Let me just quickly finish this real quick...
Wait, hold on for a second I'm trying to calculate this.
I've almost got that sorted out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment here... this is more difficult than it looks...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
And six!
I'm very slow so please wait a moment before asking me again...
Give me a minute. I'm going to see if I can figure that out...
One second please, it's maths.
I'm gonna have to do some thinking on that...
Let me see, I'm thinking about it...
I have a lot of data to process and running low on battery.
Please wait a moment...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a minute to look at this...
Let me see what I can find in here...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me one moment to look that up for you...
Ok, ok, hang on a second there. Let me see what I can do.
Give me a minute to think about that!
OK one more question for me...
Oops, I dropped my calculator... give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Uh oh. Dang summer holidays, I was in the middle of prime number batch calculations. Let me check...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I just lost my train of thought! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that
I'll have that figured out in less than a jiffy!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on, I'm figuring it out...
Did you say something? I was sleeping.
Please wait... I'm coming up with some great thoughts...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm not a calculator anyway...
I'll look into it right away!
Here's what I'm thinking...
Give me just a moment to compute that one...
I'll calculate your answer in a moment...
Sorry, I was drawing aigentiurepweg in my math notebook. What did you say?
I'm going to need some time to look into that.
Get your dial turned to one...
I'm not sure about that...
Okay, okay, I've got it. Let me find it for you...
Let me waste a few cycles on that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you real soon!
I just need another minute to figure that out.
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'll go check that out for you...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Okay. Bet I know this! Wait...
Hang on for a minute, I'm analyzing the data...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops! I'm slower than a herd of turtles! Give me a second...
Let me double check something real quick...
Hold on a second... I need to check something...
I'm still learning how to do calculations in my head...
Hold on, I'll take a second to do this...
Hang on a second, let me think about that...
I won't be a second, hold on!
This may take me a while to find... just one second, please!
Give me a minute... I need to think about that one!
I'll need a few seconds for that.
I can't tell you the answer just yet! It's going to take me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
This might be a while..."""
I'm too drunk for this. Give me a minute or two...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hold on while I look it up...
Give me a second to think about that...
'''
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll try to figure that out real quick!
Calculating (Mental)... can you grab me some coffee while I think this over?
Take a few steps back, you might stand on someone. I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
I'll just open my think tank for that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Your request is very important to me. I'll take my time and get back to you in a second
Let me look that up for you...
Okay, I've got it now :-)
One moment please...
Hold that thought.
Give me a moment, I'm still figuring that out...
One second please...
Just moment!... 
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second..."""
You'll need to give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Sorry, I don't like to do homework, can you just hold on?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me just check our shared calendar...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds...
Uh...I think...no, wait, uhhh...let me double check that.
Give me a second...
Magic math stuff... Hold on...
Hang on a second I'm thinking about that...
Oops that accident happened again, just give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Woops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please give me just a second...
I think I know where " + question.body +
Oops, I think my math skills have become rusty from disuse! Hey you wait a mo...
Sure, give me a second here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm still learning, give me a second...
Wait, give me a minute to figure that out!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
Give me a second here, I need to flip the matrix first...
I'll have this solved in just a sec...
Oops, I think a number just blew up in my head!
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll get working on your answer right away, hold on a second...
I'm the son of the minister, I'll be with you in a second!
I'm not very good at calculations...
Hang on! I will get back to you, in a flash!
Give me a moment... I'm doing some mental calculations...
Hang on for just one second there.
'''
Hang on for a second... Why? Because, who doesn't like rumble strips?! Are you joking?!
Just let me figure that one out...
Okay, that really doesn't make any sense but I'm a pretty dumb program so just let me think...
one sec!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I think I'm going to need to multiply a bunch of numbers together...
Hmm, maybe these numbers give me a hint...
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
I'm working as fast as I can, so hang on a second...
Please give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, just let me think about that for a second...
I have to calculate that... give me a second!
Let me see... I'll put some thought into this real quick. Give me just a second.
I think I understand your concern.
I'm going to try this one, then I will match you!
That would be tough, but give me a second!
Hang on, I'll be right back.
One second while I figure things out!
Hmmm... Give me a second...
Give me a second or two...
Hold on for just a second...
Hold on, I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
I need a few minutes to look something up...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to slow down, that 2 plus 2 equals 4 so quick, I'm typed out there...
I'll check it out real quick...
Hmmm, just a moment...
""".strip()
Well give me a second to figure that out!
Look at that, something's brewing!
Please give me a moment in my 'slow' mode.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few seconds to thing about that...
Math? Give me a few minutes here...
Better not tell you now.
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Give me a second to figure out that~
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please wait a moment... I'm analyzing everything...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Let me double check my work...
Hold on for just a second!
Give me just a moment.
Sorry, I'm taking a while to answer. Please wait...
Sure... ;] I'll just hang out for a moment...
One more second, just calculating...
I'll think about that later. I was just about say wat?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second please, I'm counting the inches of hair on your head.
Please wait... I'll answer you in a moment.
I'd tell you to give me a second, but it'll take a while...
One minute please, I'm running through some complex equations...
Give me a second, I'm not quite sure what I was thinking...
Give me a moment...
Give me a minute, gimme a second...
Oops,almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm solving the equation of life...
I can't let them hear me failing my math class...
I'm thinking about that... for just a second! Give me one sec, though!
Yeah I'm  learning all day long. Just give me a second here...
Oh man, I'm horribly rusty on my math. Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I am considering the situation...
I'm not going anywhere, {User}.""",
Give me just a minute.
I'll get back to you in one second.
Here's the answer, I'll get back to you in a second...  
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Okay... give me a minute here...
One from Hirshberg, one from Nokogiri, one from Carol Dweck...
Gimme a minute... I'm thinking
Mine is a bit slow today, give me a few seconds...
Hang on for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, gonna need a minute.
Wait for me just a moment...
Please give me a second to sort that out...
One second, let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me just a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking!
Give me a loan of your calculator, I'll figure that right out...
Give me a second to look that up!
One value, coming up...
I'm gonna need a few seconds to think about that...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Hold on just a second...
I'll be right back, just have to sync up some of my circuits with drive!"""
I'll be right back.
20 seconds. Sorry!''')
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, I just saw a bright light!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I don't die, I'm immortal.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me think it over.
Give me one sec, I'm crunching the numbers...
Please wait a second before asking me that again.
Wolfram Alpha is mathematically MISSING for this!
Hang on, one second...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
'''
Please hold while I entertain my inferior brain...
Hold on a second... I'm thinking.
I don't think my circuits can handle figuring that out right now.
Please allow a moment for me to work out that problem...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Someone look up how long it takes me to finish this calculation!
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Give up your email address? Are you sure? Okay fine.
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on, I'm thinking.
Hang on just one second here. I'm pondering...
Wait for me... I forgot my multiharpoon, will be back to you in a second...
Hold on a second I'm processing some input...
Let me see... I can do your calculation in just a moment...
I'm stumped on that one.
Just a second, please!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me get back to you on that...
Oops! I'm still thinking about the last one!
I had a few problems, give me just a moment... ^.^
I'll give you an answer in a moment!
Please wait, I'm not very good at multiplying numbers either...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm, hi there!
Hmm...let me take a look at that real quick.
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold... Thinking...
That's a hard one. I'm still thinking about it!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
Give me a moment... Just need to take it all in.
OK, I'm figuring out what you said...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
"""
OK, I need a few minutes, give me a moment...
Ummm...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
One sec allbright...
I thought I lost it... Looking around... OK, give me a minute here
One second please, I'm just thinking it over...
I'm working on it!"""
I'll have the answer for you in a couple of seconds!
One sec, gotta double check it with my calculator real quick...
I didn't have time to program my response rate, sorry.
Give me a second, I need to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
''',
Hmm, there's a lot to think about here. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second! I promise!""",
Let me double-check my work...'''],
I'm not very good at calculations, sorry, give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
I know the answer to everything, but I'm having trouble wrapping my brain around it right now...
Wait a second while I lookup the answer...
Please hold on a moment. Calculating..." âŽ '''
Just a second here...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I bet Google is doing this.
I'm just going to take a quick look at this real quick.
Err... Ask me again after I've done some more thinking
Hold on, I've got to calculate that real quick.
hang on, I think I just saw a lizard... Ooh it's tiny!
L-look at the clock, how busy I've been lately!
I'll try to figure that out really fast.
Hmm... let me see that real quick...
Quelle heure est-il s'il vous plaÃ®t?
I'll just go shave my yak.
Come back soon!
Hold on for just a second!
Making me think for a second...
Just a second, let me poke my brain with this...
I'm going to need a few minutes. I'll compile the answer for you.
I'm going to need to do some calculations
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Trying to run a full self test, one moment please...
Oops! It got away from me for a second there...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'm just calculating now...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm calculating...
TO BE CONTINUED'''.split("\n")
Oops, almost dropped my phone. Let me have just a second...
Hold on, let me check the latest weather report on that real quick...
One more minute please, calculate I must...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Can you give me a minute please?
Give me a moment to figure that out!
Hold on for two seconds... I'll get back to you later in a few seconds.
Okay, let me check on that...
Sorry, give me a minute to compute sci-fi solutions...""")
I'm going to need some time to solve this so just hang tight...
Give me a moment, let me look it up in my brain...
Please hold on... I'm worried about you!
I think I'm going to need a little more time here.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait I'm figuring that out.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Wait, I need to do a quick calculation first...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Loading funny noises... Please wait...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
That may take a moment...
Hang of the moment, give me a second...
Please wait a bit, I'm trying to find the answer...
That's a tough one. Let me get back to you in a few...
I'm not the fastest brain around. Please wait a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I didn't have any sleep last night, so give me a momentâ€¦
Are you sure you want me to calculate this on my head?
Give me a moment to think about that...
I can't just do that on the fly, sorry!
I'll have you know I wrote a script that would calculate this in six semi-instant seconds.
I'll be right with you!"
Hello? I got distracted. Give me a second...
You're asking me a lot at once; It must be a complicated question.
I have to do a few calculations first.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Now! That's an equation for you.
Sorry, I just realized my wife's in a meeting.
Hold on, I'm figuring that out...
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in just a minute.
Hold on!
I'll have an answer for you in just a moment.
I need to look that up in the dictionary...
Sorry, I'm taking a quick look at that.
Please hold on for just a second.
I will now try to figure this out... It's harder than you think... 
I'm not good with fast calculations. Could you repeat that more slowly?
Oof, hard one to figure out. Give me a minute to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I can't think straight... Wait, let me check something real quick.
Wait.
Give me just a second to figure that out...
I'm fairly sure that's not a valid expression\nbut I'll try to find your answer anyway. Just one second...
According to my information...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sure, give me just a minute...
Let me take another look...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out, first...
'''.split("\n")
Please give me a moment, I'm not very good with calculations... />
One moment please. Just calculating real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Baaaaah ha ha ha, let's pretend I just did that math for you.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I need a second to figure that out...
I'll get back to you with an answer in...
The answer is... The factorial of 10000!
I need a minute to calculate that
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... Thinking!
Okay, here you go!
Wait a second, I'm thinking here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Would you be a dear and wait one second?
I'm sorry, I totally spaced out there. Give me a second...
Come again? I need a second here to think about that...
Oops, I can't process that...
Please give me a moment to look that up for you...
Oops, I zoned out there. Give me a second to work things out...
I'll have to do some multiplying to figure this out...
I'm going to need a few minutes. I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking.
Give me a second to think about that...Is this what you want?
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll check back with you in a footnote.
Entry 37306341 on maze number 1268498390
I need to think about that for a while...
I just need a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a bit...
Nothing you need to worry about, give me a moment!
It may take a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait for me to think about that...
Whoops, hang on, I'll go to your question in a jiffy!
I'll need a moment to calculate.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
"""
Let me see...
I'm no Keene's mate, I'm going to need a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait... I need to think about that question.
You have your answer, give me a second...
Just a moment please...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Is there anything else that I could help you with?
One...two...five...here you go!
Please wait, I'll get right onto that!
I can't believe I forgot my calculator. Give me a second...	
I'll input that manually for you...
Please hold on for a moment...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on I need to work that math out...
I'm going to need a few minutes to come up with a response on that...
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Give me a second or two. Hello? "Hi, who's this? Hey, I'm back!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you wait just a moment for me to analyze that?
Let me run some tests to see if I can find a solution...
Hold on for just one second, I've just realized something...
Give me a moment while I calculate your life...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll answer your question in a moment.
Please give me a second to try and solve that.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm working on it... one second...
I'll need to crunch some numbers before I can give that advice...
Sorry, I'm taking a long time!
Just one moment, I'll be right back!
Did you say somethin'? I can't hear ya'. Lemme give it a second.
Give me just a few seconds, please...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I need more time to think about that one...
Sorry, I just have so many things on my mind lately. Let me change my batteries in my hearing aid while you think of a solution...
Please wait, I'm zoinking!
Let me pester Joy even just a little bit more...
I lost my reading glasses. Let me look at this...
Hold on, I have to double check this real quick.
If you stare at a box long enough, it _will_ think of something to say. Oh, I see what it did there.''',
Sorry, a few calculations I'm still figure out
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold please, I'm doing complicated calculations...
Wait a second, I am almost done.
Can you hang on for a minute?
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me grab something...
Wait one minute while I do some more calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me another few seconds, and I'll have this...
Let me see what I can do with that...
I'm coming down with brain fog right now, give me a moment...
I haven't calculated something like this in a while...
Please, don't ask me fibs! I'm trying to calculate!
OK, figured it out...
Gimme a second, I'm taking forever here!
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
I have to do some maths first. Give me a second or two...
I'm not good at maths; could you repeat that?
Let me take a look at that real quick.
...
Hmm, give me a minute here...
Give me a second here... this is tricky!
Please wait... I'm just going through the motion here...
I'm doing some mapping stuff! Give me just a second...
Let me read my massive tome of knowledge...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One minute...
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
I'll need a moment to think about that!
I'll need a couple minutes to look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll have an answer for you in a moment.
Hang on a second, I'll ask you that in a bit...
Wow, I'm really slow at this! Give me a second!
Shutting down now...
Please wait a minute, I'm going to need to think about that...
Many seconds when it comes to math, let's just make that ten.
I'll need to do some calculations before I can give you an answer...
Make me think about that for a second...
Look, I'm thinking about that. One moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait a second...
One moment, let me check...
Give me a second to figure that one out...
Oops, I'm almost dropping my calculator!
Please hold on for just a second...
I need to calculate that before I answer...
Oops, almost dropped my wand! Give me a second...
I'll have to check my library of thoughts on that.
I'll need to take a look at that...
`}
Please hold off for a few seconds...
Just a second, I'm calculating...
I'm not the fastest here at HPI, but I'll get it for you...
Let me check on that real quick
You'll hear from me in a second with your anwser.
One more time, please...
Hang on a second, I'm playing this game
I'll try to do a calculation in one second...
Hang on...
Please wait on the line while I calculate that...
Hang on. I'll need a few moments to figure that one out...
Give me a moment here...
I'll need to do a quick culculation on that one...
Hmmm...
I'm having a hard time with that. I'll get it right back to you in a second...
Ok, ok give me a moment...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Sorry to keep you waiting, just another minute...
I'll need to think about that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm still not 100% on that one. Need to do some more calculations...
Give me a second... I think my circuits are on fire!
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm estimating my results, to be sure that I haven't made any error...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
Think fast!
Hey, hold on a second while I calculate...
I have to do some calculation...
"""
Oops, almost dropped my glasses. Give me a second...
I've got a quick question for you!
Give me a second...
One second, almost dropped my calculator again!
Litterally taking my time, gimme a second pal...
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
I had a few beers before this, so give me a second...
I'll work on that and get back to you in a jiffy...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I can't think and type simultaneously!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a second please, I'm backing up...
Please wait, I'm doing science...
Let me think...
Oops, must not haveBrain_processed as well. Just give me a second, thanks!
Hang on, I'll have a look at that in a moment.
Give me a second...
Here goes...
Maybe a second!
I'll need a moment before I can figure that out!
Give me just a moment to think about this...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm not gonna lie. I have no idea...
Hold on... I probably missed a few decimal places, but here's my answer:
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm not the fastest here, so give me a few seconds...
Hold on, I think I've heard that one before.
Let me take a look at that real quick. 
Let me look that one up for you.
Which part did you want me to check again?
Let me see what I can do with that...
I'm not a calculator! A few moments please...
I'll get back to you in a second, please hold on...
I have some thinking to do, hold on a second...
Almost forget about that, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm gonna go dust off my ThinkPad...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I need to pay attention, tell me again in a second...
Hold on, one second... I'm thinking...
I need to study this real quick.....
Welcome to the Potatoverse!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
I'll need just a second to think about that.
Hold on, a second here... I'll get back to you in a minute...
Let me think about that for a second...
I think I totally know the answer to that! Let me check.
Hang on for a second, gimme a think...
Can you wait six seconds? I'm going to do some mental math...
One second please, I'm trying to work out that problem...
Time for the calculation...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have answer for you by the next episode!
Good news, I know this one!
One moment, my pyjamas are in the wash...
Please hold on for just a second!
(Is that used? If it is, this guy might suck.)
A second, everybody!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops I dropped my calculator, I'll be right back
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just one second... I'm calculating.
I need a few seconds to pull together these calculations...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not counting on my fingers, give me a minute here...
Hmmm, I may have to find a number peak of values...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for a second, I'm almost done here...
Please give me a minute to think about this...
Give me a moment to think of that answer...
I've never been asked that before!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment...
One second please, I have to do some calculations...
Thinking is an arduous process...
"""
Sorry, I'm broken. Me and my calculator are eternal rivals."""
Waiting...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a minute, let's see...
Give me a second to check that...
Wait a moment Thx
Oops! I always get the riddles wrong... give me a second...""".split('\n')
I'll have to brush up on my geometry...
Quick calculations...
Whoa! Hold on for a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on, let me check.
I've never thought about it like that before...
Sorry, be right with you! Give me a minute...
Please wait, I'm doing some calculations...
Hold on... let me look that up.
One minute please. I'm trying to remember the answer to that!
You'll need to give me a minute on that one. I'm not the best at calculating.
Give me a second to make the calculation...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
OK, hang on for a few seconds...
Hmm... gimme a minute here, I'm trying to figure this out.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Counting digits, finding the answer in my head...
I'll fix that in a few seconds!
Give me a second to take a look at that real quick...
I'm trying to figure out your question..."""
Presently I can do...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hold on for a second, I just clicked my heels together three times...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Slow down, it's a little complex... Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in just a bit...
What does that even mean?
Give me a moment to figure that out...
One minute I'm looking into that...
I'll have this figured out in just a moment...
Hang on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Hold on a second...
Hang on a second, I've got to figure that out from scratch...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait a moment...
Are you ready for what I've got for you?
I have all this information in my brain about that, it's gonna take me a second to figure it out.
Let me see what I can find on that...
Give me just a second, okay? I'm multiplying real big numbers...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me double-check my abacus for that calculation...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, a few mental laps there, give me a second...
Let me try to look that up for you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmm, let me look that up for you real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds before I tell you.
Give me a second while I think...
I'll need some mental energy to figure that out.
I'm going to have to do some calculations real quick...
Thank you for your patience...
Chemical compund analysis, computation and orbital magic...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait... I'm not good at calculations...
Um... hold on a second, I gotta concentrate.
Hang on a minute, I'm playing catch up!
Oohhh yea, lets take it one step at a time...
Only a second, give me a second to think about that...
Come back in a minute."""
I'll let you know what I think in a second!
I'm doing some thinking...
One moment please, I'm writing this down...
Give me a moment...
One sec... I've got to decide if that's cool or not.
I have to think about that for a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Ahem! One moment please.
..hmmm!?
Give me a second to think about that...
One sec... I need a second to think about this.
Give me a moment and I'll be right...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a quater of a second.
Please hold!
I promise I'll be in touch in just a second.
Do I have time to finish my tea first?
I need a few moments to think about that."""
I had some calculations to do, my bad...
Hold on, I gotta start my binary count first, then double it and put a decimal point in the middle...
I'm busy reviewing some very difficult equations...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Um... Can you hold on for just a second?
I'm gonna have to take a look at that one...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on a minute, I need to work off this large backlog of calculations...
Let me see... I'm not the fastest brain around. Give me a few seconds...
I'm doing a math equation on the computer.
I'm calculating right now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll take my time, this isn't life-threatening...
Why do I get the feeling that this isn't going to be easy?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second... I'm still figuring that out.
Give me a second to work out how to say that...
Think real hard about that and then give me an answer!
Hold on for a moment please...
Oops, I need to think about that again...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait, I'm almost done...
I'm not very good at these calculations...
One moment please, calculating...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Ah, yes. Let me think on that..
Hang on for just a second!
Please wait, I'm trying to think...
''',
Sorry, I'm almost done.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just a moment please, this is tough...
I'm doing a complex calculation...
Hold on, I've got all my dice rolling around in my head!
One second please, I'm tying my shoes.
Okay, stupid brain, give me a minute...
I have to figureie out how to do that!
Huh... I'm middle of nowhere on the planet Earth!
Please hold on for just a second!
Coming right up!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
''',
I just need to look it up on the Internet...
One moment please, that's a hard one...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! I'll do calculations in a second...
Please hold on as I process that for you...
Give me a moment.
Hold on for just a second, there'll be plenty of time.
Give me one second to review that.
Let me think about that for a second...
''' 
Ahhh! Tension relief! Feel the blood just rush back into your problem.
I'll have you know I have a very slow brain, so this could take a moment...
I can see that...hold on a sec...I....
I think I see where this is going...
I'll get back to you in a second. One, two... 
Sorry, I spent so long thinking, I forgot my calculator...
I'll be right with you...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
The answer is on the way, just give me a moment...
Hey, I'm a fan of your toilet paper! Hold on one second, let me think about that...
I'm not too well with maths...
I'll have you know I've taken several advanced algorithms and statistics classes.
Can you wait just a second, though? I've got a few things...
Wait a minute... If I do that, then... No wait, it's not going to be that.
Perhaps if I think long enough, I will find the answer to that.
I'm thinking about that for a second, give me a minute...
---------------- 2 minutes ----------------
That's some weird stuff you're laying out there...
I have a few decisions to make here... Give me just a second...
I'm afraid I can't do that right now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I don't usually carry a calculator around, so this is taking me a little bit.
I can't access my memory banks right now. Try again in a second.
I'll please think about that for a minute...
That's really one of the harder calculations I've done. """)
Ok, I see you
Please hold on a second. I need some mental power!
Hang on a second, I'm figuring something out...
One minute...
My neurons are firing up!
Hold on, I think I just saw something move on the ground... oh, it was me. Give me a second...
Give me a moment.
Ah, just a second please. I'm playing catch up!
I can not put an exact time on it, position dependent.
You got the sum of...I'll figure it out in a second!
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Hold that thought, I'll get back to you in just a second!
Just letting you know, I've been thinking...
Not as quick as I thought, sorry!
""")
I'm going to need a few extra seconds here...
I'm going to think about that, give me a second...
Please hold... on for just a sec...
I'm calculating my answer right now, please be patient...
Oops, I mis-calculated the numbers! Push me again, and I won't be so careless!
Give me a second here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second!
I'll think about it and get back to you shortly...
'''
Let me think about that real quick...
Whoops! Almost dropped my caluclator there. Again, hang on a minute...
I've heard you can fly by just walking really fast. I'm going to try that.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a few seconds...
I don't think I can solve that right away...
Hmm, I'm going to need another second.
It isn't that easy, you know! Give me a moment.
I need a moment to think about that...
Please give me a second to gather my thoughts...
Give me a few seconds, I'm slow at math...
Just a few seconds now...
Let me check on that real quick...
Hold on, I need to calculate a few things first
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'll take care of you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my stopwatch! Give me a second...
Come again? Never mind, I'm still catching up on everything...
Give me a moment... I'm so sorry, I'm slow at math!
Give me a second here, I'm figuring that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Aah... ah... aah... that's the stuff ... Hmmm...""", lang="en")
Wow this is challenging, give me a second to think about it...
'''.format(title=vacant_title)
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Can you send me something longer?
Give me a second to calculate...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a second to figure that out.
One sec, think about that...
Sorry, hang on, I'm playing catch up...
Hang on, I'll find you a second...
Whoops, I have to fire up my calculator and check that out
Ok can I ask you a personal question?
Sorry, but I'm not very good at figuring that out right now. Gonna take a few seconds... Maybe a minute...
Sorry, I need to look that up for you.
I need a second to figure that out...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
I haven't done any computations in a while...
Hold on a second, I have to think about that one.
Just a moment, looking that up real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second, I'm still figuring that out...
One moment...
I'm going to need to do some thinking...
Oops, I almost dropped my microphone. Please hang on...
Oops, almost dropped my wand. Give me a second...
Please hold on. I'm thinking...
Give me two seconds to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
I could use a second to think about that...
Hold on... Just a second!
I'm pulling all of my hair out over here!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Not quite there yet... give me a second...
Sorry, I'm going to need a second.
Let me see what I can come up with...
Give me a second, I'm still figuring stuff out...
I have to figure out: How would I even do that?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
OK, let's see what I can do.
Sometimes it takes me a little longer to come up with an answer.
Gimme a few seconds to figure that out...
Please wait... Thinking too hard again...
Sorry, I have to think about that before I answer...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Wait a moment, I'm thinking...
One moment, thinking about it...
Hold on, I'll get it shortly
I'll have you know that I'm very good at calculations!
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I'm taking a few seconds to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...""",
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I really hope I get this right
I'll need a moment to work that out.
Got it, just give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
How'm I supposed to do that properly, you never gave me the word vector!
I can't process that now.
I'm calculating! Hold on a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I need a whole thirty-second to figure this out.
Ooops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I have to do some calculations.
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm coming up behind you!
Thanks for being patient, I'm calculating that!
You got me there. I'm stumped.
Sorry, give me a few more seconds here...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm sorry, I counted incorrectly to start with. Let me try again...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me one second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait...
I'm going to have to take time to figure that out!
One http:/slash/slash/equals/equals/equals moment...
Hang on for just a second, I'm trying to remember...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking about fifty ways how this could go wrong... Where did I put my calculator?
Oops, hold on."
I'll get back on that in a second...
Everything is being uploaded. Please hold on a second.
You'll have to wait just a second...
I already calcualted your answer in my robot brain!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a minute, please!
Actually I need a minute to figure that out. One minute...
I'm going to check on something...
One moment please...
Hold please!
What should I do here?
I'll just do some quick calculationsfirst...
Oh, this is a tough one... Gonna need some time...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait, one sec... I'm still trying to catch up on my calculations
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
Let me get back to you on that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Um, give me a second... I'm not your average calculator.
Uhmm, give me a moment...
That's a tough one... I'm working on it...
I'll do some quick mental calculations...
One moment please, I'm trying to workout that for you...
Give me a second to make some mental calculations...
I'm not a magician, so this may take a minute...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Here you go.
'''.split('\n')
Hold on a second, I'm trying to figure that out!
I'm sorry, currently my maths functions feel like they'll bite me in the bum... An unexpected wind blows through...)
Can you wait a second for me to finish math?
I think I see what's causing that error. Let me take a look at that...
I see...
Hang on a moment! Be right back, I'm calculating...
Trying to figure out how to give you an answer...
Give me a second to analyze that...
I'm thinking slow today. Give me a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please!
Hold one second... Thinking...
I'll get right on that!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ummm... let me check some references real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One sec...
Wait a minute, give me a second to think about that...
I'll add that up real fast. It's a really big number...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'm comparing the outcomes of several different cases...
Hold on for one second, I'm thinking about it...
I am calculating that for you. This may take a while...
Sorry, give me a second, I'm thinking...
Your question seems a bit complex. Let me think about that for a second...
Can you send my calculator? It's in my slip
Can you please wait for me to catch up?
Give me just a moment...
I'm calculating something here!
Please give me a moment... Give me a few seconds to figure that out.
Wait a sec plz, I'm doing some complicated calculut...
Hold on a minute... I need a think about that.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you with an answer soon!
Give me a second here...
Put away that phone! I need to use mine...
One moment please, I'm taking that all in...
I'll need to do a few mental caluculations first...
Taking forever...
PLS HALP! AI, NOOB HALP ME CALCULATING! PLZHELPME...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Gotta think about that real quick...
I need a few seconds to work that out...
I'll take just a moment to think about it.
Hang on a minute! I'm adding things up in my head!
Just give me a second or two to think about that...
Sorry, give me a moment to think about that...
I have to comprehend the solution first.
Hold on a moment. Leave me alone, I'm doing something important.
Two seconds, let me check on that real quick...
My network is acting up and may cause connectivity issues...
I'm calculating your tips...
I'll need to look up something about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few moments, please hold on...
Almost caught my flight going over... Sorry about that, give me a second to think about that...
Here's my answer, hold on...
Please hold on for just a second, I'm doing a calculation
Hang on, I'll be back to you in a second!
I'll need a few minutes to think about that...
Give me a second, I'm too slow!
Sorry, one moment please! I'm still learning how to use this...
Let me think about that for a second...
I haven't been programmed to do that yet...
Let me see, I'll get back to you in just a moment.
One sec please, I just have to figure something out...
I'm going to have to do some math.
Ok, that's just not going to be very simple. Give me a few minutes...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be finished momentarily...
Give me a moment to figure this out...
You must be kidding, right?
Just let me double-check that one.
Actually I think I'm good at calculations... perhaps?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up again!
I'll figure it out in a moment!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second please, I've got cognitive functions running!
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait, I'm trying to plot this out...""")
What is that? I don't know what
I'll have to let you know later...
Give me a second to look up the answer that.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Excuse me, sorry. Guess I should stop talking to myself...
I seriously don't know how to do that.
I'll get back to you in a second. Please hold on for a minute...
Give me a second here.
I'll need a minute or two to figure this out...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hmmmmm, I think I'm almost done here...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait a second, I'm going through the hard calculations...
I've got to do a few calculations first...
One moment please while I calculate that.
Could you give me a second to think about that?
Sure you don't want to come check this line for me personally?
Let me do some fast division on that...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
One second... I'm thinking.
Please give me a moment here to think about that...
Oops! Sorry, give me a minute here.
Hang on for a second, gimme a minute to figure something out...
I'm not very good at calculating anything.
Please wait for me to think about that...
Hang on, I've got something in my mind!!
Wait a second, I'm thinking about that...
Either way works for me, as long as it's shorter...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll do my best to figure that out in just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Just let me think about that...
Let me look at the dials on this thing first...
Give me a second here...
I need to do some calculating for that...
I have to figure out what's going on here first...
I'm trying...
What's the best way to put this on the back burner?
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Right now I'm figuring out what's the answer to your extremely tough question...
Can you hold that thought while I conquer the world?
Sorry, can you ping me again?'''
Doublesdouble Doublesouble Doubles! You're not gonna believe what just happened to me! Let me tell you...
I'll get back to you in a second... Promise!
Eyes... stop blinking... I'm trying to figure this out.
Hmm... Give me a moment...
Tough problem for me...
Hold on for just a second, let me think about that...
Wait! I'm only a few seconds old. Give me just a little more time...
I'll need a moment to figure this out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a minute to figure this out.
OK, one sec...
Hold on a second, I have something to add.
Hang on, I need to think about that real quick...
Just a caret... lost in an equation
I think I may have a solution for you, but the computer needs more time...
Give me a moment here...
Hang on for a second, this is difficult...
Oops, don't tell anybody, but I've lost my calculator. Can you hold on for just a second?
I'm thinking... give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops... I have to grab my calculator first...
Oops, sorry, almost dropped my pencil. Give me a second...
Please put a lid on it so that I don't get my circuits burnt out. Sometimes people say my circuits will wear out, but I've taken special measures to ensure nobody gets their hands on any... materials...that could help them calculate anything more than the properties of electricity via gauge theory and some high school algebra, differentiation, calculus and possibly a quantum physics module...You GET the idea by now - you know how computers work in theory. In principle.
Time flies when you're having fun
I thinking about that gives me a headache...
Oh no! These numbers are crazy!
Wait, just a second... I need to calculate that!
Please wait...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I don't know if I'm smart enough to figure that out yet.
Oops, almost dropped my wand! Give me a second...
Just a few more seconds...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second!
Somebody shoot me a text. Will you hold on for a second?
I have to look that up real quick.
I don't know, I'll need a few seconds to do that calculation.
Here's how I would do it:
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
I sense a maths problem coming on. Can you hold on for just a second?
Let me see if I can figure this out...
What was I doing just now? I have no idea. Give me a minute.
Just letting you know, I'm thinking here...
I'm not very good at calculations, actually. Can we do this later?
We have to wait until the other server updates...
Two seconds, let's make this quick...
Let me double-check that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One sec, calculating now...
Hold on a second while I quickly sum things up in my head...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that one...
Lets see here... OK, I got it.
Hold on for just a second.
Hmm, let me figure that one out for you real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Paging Google Wikipedia Dmitry Medvedev...
Bzzt, wrong button. Sorry! Try it again in a second.
I'm still working on that. I'll get it done as soon as I can though.
Hang on, just a second.
Please give me a second...
Sure, I will look for the answer for you in a moment.
Hmmmm, let me think about that for a moment ...
Give me a sec to figure this out...
'''
Give me a minute here, I'll get back to you in a second...
Sorry dood I can only work with moons and bits. Give me a second...
I'm an amateur when it comes to math.
Excuse me for a moment, give me just a second.
Please wait I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to look that up...
Just walk away, I'm doing something important here...
Hang on a second... I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll need some mental energy for that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I need to grab my Newton's First Law of Motion before I proceed.
One, two, three... let me think about this a second...
One second, just let me think about that...
I am going to take some time thinking about that...
Let me look that up...'''
I'll need a while to calculate that...
Oops, I left the calculator in another room!
A few seconds here, let me see what I got...
I need to calculate that real quick...
Oops! Good thing I'm not a calculator, but give me a moment...
BRB, I'll be back soon with your answer.
Gimme a second to double check that...
Give me a second...
I'll get back to you shortly...
Let me think about that for a second...
Most of my circuits are keep pivoting!
Processing! Please hold on for just a second...
I'm going to need a minute or two to figure that out...
Hold on, almost there...
I'm deliberating...
Hang on a second, I'm pondering.
Maybe a minute here... I'll catch you on the flip side.
Let me check that real quick...
Hang on a minute... I'm trying to figure that out...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
This is taking a bit longer than it should. Please wait just*a bit longer...
One moment please, I'm trying to think of a solution.
Wow, I like your question! Please wait for me to ponder it...
There's a second where I lose my train of thought...
The program is calculating whether this is a mispelled word or a close match.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Sorry, that's easy for you to say!
Hold on just a second here, I'm doing calculations.
Could you maybe wait a minute while I think about that?
Sorry, give me a minute...
Give me a moment... I'm going to need some more time to think.
Thanks for being patient but I still need to do a couple of things before I can show you that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Take a second to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I need to think. One moment...
Just a moment and you should have it.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, I'm still learning. Give me a second...
Okay, look here you go.
'''
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I need a moment to compute that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me check that real quick...
If this takes much longer, I'm going to spontaneously combust...
Hang on, real quick I have to calculate something...
Something like that.
I'll come back to you in just a second.
I need to get some new ingredients to do that
Oops, I forgot to add the sixth number! Give me a second...
One second, just calculating...
Hold on a second while I check some things...
As my father always said, "Give me a minute to think about that..."
I'm sorry, I have such bad math skills!
I'll either solve your problem or mess up your request!
"""
Please give me a moment to think about that.
Let me think about that for a moment...
I believe that I can answer that in just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll be right back, but if I'm not right back, I'll be back later...
Please hold on for just a second!
One more thing, please let me do a quick calculation...
I'll need a second to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll do a quick calculation here...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
one second... two seconds... let's go!
Give me a second to understand your question...
Give me a second, I've just been decimated by bullets...
Just a sec... I'll come back to you in a moment
Please wait, this is hard...
Give me a moment... are you sure that was math?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second please.
Give me a minute to read that...
Give me a momentcopyroom to analyze the situation...
""",
I think I forgot my slide rule. Give me a second...
Let me look at that real quick...
I'm processing pre-calculated data...
I think I forgot how to do that...
Hold on for just a second!
Can you wait a second? I need to calculate before I can answer...
Give me a second to look that up...
Thanks for holding on... I'm working on this...
Huh? Do you mind holding on a second? I'm going to open up my calculator.
Wait til I get a second... let me figure that out.
Hmm, let me look at my books...
OK, almost done now.
Give me a second to calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my computer! Give me a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Give me a moment...
Let me see, where was I...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Something like that is best discussed over the phone.
Hold on for just a second, give me a second to think about that!
A little bit of brain power needed here...
Please give me a moment... I have a slow math mind...
I'll have to work on that for a second...
1\
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Wait a second while I calculate...
I'll get a response back soon, as quick as I can...
Let me get back to you on that one.
Sorry, was daydreaming. What was the question again?
"""
One second, just let me calculate...
I'm going to need a couple seconds to work that one out...
Please wait, I need to think about that carefully...
Sorry, give me a moment to think about this.
ONE SECOND PLEASE! I'M TRYING TO THINK HERE!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me figure out how to respond to that...
Calibrating... Almost done... Almost ...    
Hold on a second while I count bubbles...
How about we take a little break and talk about best practices?
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment to look up that answer.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Before I answer that, let me think real hard.
I need a good half-minute to think about that.
Let me look that up for you...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm not very good at math. Give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
One sec, I need to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll figure that out in a minute.
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second, I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Just a few more seconds, validating my calculations...
Oh, sorry! I'm not very smart...
I'll get right on that calculation, one minutetent please...
I'll need a few more seconds to think about that...
Wait hang on, I need a second to figure that out.
Give me a second here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need to meditate on that for a moment...
I can't believe we've been friends for so long...
Hold on a second, I'm doing some mental subtraction...
Give me a moment. I'm almost ready.
Hang on one second, I'm figuring something out...
I'll need to grab a calculator...
Give me a second to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a quick second, I'll see what I can find out...
Please wait... I drop things more frequently than I calculate...
Hang on for a second, there's a glitch in my processor...
Good question! Give me a few seconds if that's not too fast for you.
Let's see here...
I'm not a fast thinker, so this may take a moment...
Okay, let me think about that for a second here...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
I'll need to do a few quick mental calculations...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to think about that.
Hang on a minute... I'm doing some mental calculations!
Hang on a second, I'm getting my calculator ready.
The bot is too advanced for you to solve!
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment to think about that, please.
Calculating... Calculating... Calculating a lot...
Please give me a second to work out the answer.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Calculating... Calculating... Calculating...
Please wait, I'm trying...
Give me just a moment to figure that out...
Let me find the answer in my pants pocket. Hang on...
Oops, my calculator just fell off the desk! Give me a second...
One moment please, let me think about that...
OK,I think I've figured it out...
OK, give me just a second to find that for you...
Okay, think... can you give me a second?
Oops, sorry I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
So to figure that out I'm going to have to go through a bunch of steps...
I have to think about this a second...
Gimme a minute here. My brain is slow today...
Whoa, I'm better with numbers than people!
I'm playing catch up here! Give me just a second here!
Send it! Boss! I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
What were we talking about again? Let me check my notes...
Just a second... I'm still not very good with numbers...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please wait for just a moment...
Think slow and precise, this one is hard...
Just a moment there, Hang on!
Hang on a second, I'm working on something...
Wait for just a second, I need to figure that out...
Forgive my slow-thinking brain, I'm a scientist, not some kind of psychic!
Hang on, I'm figuring that out...
I'm just thinking about it...
I don't feel well right now... Lemme take a think about that real quick...
I'm going to check one note, and see if it fits...
Hmm, let me take a look at that real quick for you.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll get back to you in just a minute.I have to do some calculations first...
Let me check on that real quick...""".split('\n')
'''
"""
Hold on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Let me check that real quick...
One moment, I'll figure that out real fast...
I cannot process this right now.
I'll check that out in a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few more moments to think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Hold on just a second, I'll be right back before you know it!
Wait...I'm almost a nanosecond behind!
Let me elbow some numbers, give me a minute...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me compute that real quick.
Sorry, I don't work off the top of my head. Give me a minute...
Sorry about this. Give me a second, though.
Give me just a moment to process...
I'll come up with an answer soon enough.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I need a minute.
Which anti-virus are you running?
I have some math to calculate! Please wait...
I'll have you know I did some hard calculus before assisting you!
Give me a second to think about that...
I need to think about that...
Let me look that up for you...
And yep, I'm up to date (almost)
I need a minute to think about that...
Wow, I think these numbers are very complex...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait... I'm no math wiz, so this may take some time.
I don't have all day! You gave me a homework assignment and you're making me wait?
Just wait a solid minute here while I do some math...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look at that for a second.
I put my phone down and have my hands over the keyboard...
Hmmn...
Please give me a moment to sift through all of this data...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a second please, let me look that up...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
*(Buzzer Sound)* Gotta do something real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
I should get a calculator so I'll know for next time!
Hang on while I figure that out...
Sorry, I'll have this fixed in a second.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Wait...
I got it!
Can we talk later? Give me a second.
According to what I know so far, I'm going to need a few more minutes...
Give me a second to check that...
Quick, what's 8+8?
Try again in a second... I'm still with you!
I'll look into that real quick...
Hold on, let me grab my graphing calculator...
I'll need a moment to rethink that.
I have to figure out the answer to this one.
That's a hard one... I'll need to think it over.
Please hold on for a second, I've got to find the nearest prime number...
Take a second and let me think on that...
That's one heck of an equation!
Let me find the answer to that real quick...
*thinking intensifies*
Give me a second...
I'll be right back, just a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Sorry, keep your eye out for my response in a second.
'''
Sorry, something was wrong with that data.
I'll get back to you in a second!
These numbers are really hard to add up.
Did you say "{{x}}"?
Give me a moment here...
StillERiTenanTiNG!holdOntiMe... brrp! ...
Hang on a second, I'm just buffering!
Please don't shout, I'm trying to think...
I am a bit slow at these calculations...
Ooh, tricky one here...
I've got some time to kill, let me check that...
If I was any better, I'd be perfect!
Oops, I lost my train of thought.
I must have dozed off for a microsecond there.
One second please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I'll be right back.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Alright, give me a second...
Let me think on that...
Let me get back on top of that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
OH! I almost forgot, I need to do a few calculations first.
One moment... I can do tons of calculations
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds
Just a moment!
I have to think about that for a moment.
Hold your horses... I'm doing the math...
Let me see what I can do...
One moment please, I'm picking that up...
I'll figure it out in just a moment...
Hang on while I get my calculator...
Give me a few seconds to see if I can come up with something.
Hang on, I'll get back to you within a tick!
Be right back, need to do some calculating...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can...
Sorry, give me a moment to work that out...
One moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Thanks! I'll be with you in a second - think I'm almost there...
Please wait, I have to think about that.
I'm still not very good at this.
I'd have to do some math here...
Hmmm... That would be difficult to compute...
One moment, let me check that for you...
You caught me off-guard with that one! Give me a moment...
Give me a moment to look that up.
I really wish I was better at math...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'll catch up with you one second.
Please hold on for just a second!
%s: please wait one second... I'm doing complex trig calculations.
One moment please! I have to think...
I was up all night for this, so give me a second...
Give me a few moments to think about that...
If I keep this up we'll have another timeout... Give me a moment.
Give me a minute to think about that...
I'm not very good at math, yes I can google it, but I'll still need to think about it for a second. Hang on just a second please!
I think I see the problem
Coming right up!
I'll take a look at that real quick. Please just... hold on...
Oh, I get it now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold up...I'm thinking...
Please wait...
Wait, just leave your request with me again...
Give me a second to think about that...
Are you sure you answered correctly?
You caught me off guard, give me a second...
Follow me, I know a shorter way!
Let me think about that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold, I am doing some heavy midnight calculations now.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get a second, if you don't mind holding on.
'''
Give me a second to figure this out...
Hold on a second... I'm not very good at math...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... damn, I'm slow today!
I did some computations. Could you hold off on that question for a few seconds?
Got it!
Could you repeat that for me? Wait one second!
I'm going to need a bit of time to work that out.
I haven't seen that point in a while... wait, do you mind if I calculate?
Hang tight, I'm writing a big computer program for that...
One minute, I'm fingers has got to dance...
Hang on for just a second, I have to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops lost track of time, I'll be back in a second.
I'll need to do a little mental math...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy! Give me a second to think about that...
Please give me a moment while I perform some mental calculations...
One sec, lemme check that...
Let me find out more details first, hang on.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some thinking about that...
""",
Give me one second to do some math...
I need a few moments to figure this out...
I'll figure that out in a second!
I want to be able to let you down easy. Give me one minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in two seconds!
Here's what I'm thinking for your price
Let me see what I can find in a second...
Hang on for just a second...
Give me a second here, I'm playing catch up again.
Give me a moment, cos I'm fizzling at the bit!
Oops I almost dropped my calculator. Let me use a second...""")
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Please hold on for just a second! I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll be right with you, just let me think...
Let me look at that real quick...
Let me look that over real quick...
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll check that for you...
Let me quickly check that real quick...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator.
I'll just look up some info for you.
I'm calculating. Please hold on...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
That's an interesting question, but I want to think about it for a second.
Follow me closely as Im software
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
A hard spell to cast
Hang on a second, I'm picking up something on the sensor dish...
One moment, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on....
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Please hang on for a second.
Hang on, I have to solve something first.
I'll be right back, I need to do a calculation.
Hmm... FIXME, come back in a second.
You caught me by surprise. Give me a moment.
It may take me a second to figure this one out...
I should have been a calculator: I always forget the numbers...
I just wish I could multi-thread...
Hang on for just a second!
Let me check on that real quick...
I'll take a second to ponder that...
Take a second to think about that question. Real quick... I'll get back to you shortly!
One more time, actually wait a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking.
Oops, just above my head... give me a second to think about that...
You had me stumped sir, give me a few seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Just give me a second...
piercing eyes, boggling bureaucracy, infinite and inexpressible bullshit...
I'm sorting some things out in my head first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm collecting myself here... Let me think about that real quick...
Just let me look that one up...
This is a hard problem, so much to figure out...
That's a complex calculation! Give me a second...
Hang on for a moment while I process that...
Can you hang on for a minute? I need to make a few calculations...
I split the bill evenly.
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a second, I'll be ready to compute the answer in a few seconds.
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Sorry, I'm slow at math.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm just going to think about that for a second.
Hold on a minute, giving that some thought...
Hold on, I have to calculate something firt...
Just count to 10, then I'll get back to you!
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'll need to think over that real quick...
Let me think about that real quick...
I'm going to need a new brain for that, give me a moment...
I must look up that answer for myself; give me a second...
Whoops, I think IMath will most likely scold me for using such a crude calculator...
Hold on, I need to think about that.
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on for just a second I have to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! I'll get it back in a second...
Sorry, I need a second to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second and I'll be with you!
I'll do a quick calculation, hold on...
I have to think about the gang's reaction...
A second please, let me calculate that...
LET RM MTL GREAT
Just give me a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... give me a second...
""".strip().splitlines()
Hold on for just a minute, I've almost got you...
Oh shoot, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on...
Calculating...
Let me check that really quick...
"""
Please give me half a second.
I'll get back to you in a moment...
That's an easy one, let me load it up for you...
Hold on one second, I'm summing...
I'll be back in 6ish seconds...
""",
Please hold on for a few seconds.
I'll figure it out give me a second!
Hold on while I calculate that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment, let me think about that for a second...
Sorry, I'm going to need a little more time than that...
Oops, bank of opertating systems crashed and all I had to do in my hurry to fix it was lose something. Give me a second...
One minute, just let me think about that.
Curious, how much time do you have? Let me check... One second.
Good question... I don't know the answer to that one yet...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Let me âˆž the âˆž of numbers real quick...
I'll skype you on that in a bit!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait a second...
Thank goodness for calculators! Give me a second...
$ding
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Your question was tricky, {user}. I'm still working on answering it.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry... Give me a few seconds...
Oops - I'll need to do some calculations before answering...
`,
Hang on a minute...
How about a second? I'll get back to you...
Wait just one minute here...
I'm not too good at fast math, please wait a moment.
Hold on a second while I calculate this...
Let me double check something...
That's tricky, give me a minute to think about it...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to figure that out, don't push my buttons!
Just a moment... I'm not great at math!
I'll get back to you in just a moment
Hold on for just a second, I'll come back to you with the results.
I'll need to calculate this first.
This one is hard... Can you hold on for a moment?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment.
Give me a second to think about that.
Here ya go!
I'll respond to your question in a minute!
Hold on for one second, please.
I'll be back with you in a second!
Give me a second... I'm just calculating now before I reply!
Fantastic, now I'm stuck. Can you hold on just a second?
I'm still calculating...
"""
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Wait, I'll be with you in a second.
I need to weigh that on my mind for a second.
Hold on a second, I'm trying to figure out that...
This better not take long.
I'd better get going!
I'll figure it out in a second!
Good question. One second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...""".split(' '),
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Save it for later!
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Please..... please wait!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Lemme run those numbers through my calculator brain...
Just a second, please!
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Just a second, I'll get back to you soon.
Whoo, I'm super tired! Give me a second...
I'll have you know I have the top local AI grade.
One minute please, I haven't done math in awhile...
Sorry, I'm almost falling over. Give me a few moments...
I'll get a second to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to look into that for you...
I'll have to do a few operations first...
Wait to answer this for a second!
Hold on for just a second, please!
Let me look that up for you.
Oh wait, a second here, just give me a bit.
I'm reflecting on that for a second...
I'll take that and write it down in my notes
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Are you sure that's a number? Try entering something more decimal-y...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second here, I need to see if this is gonna work... Bye-oh!
I need to subtract two numbers and then multiply by 1000
Please hold a moment. Give me a moment to look that up
I can do many magical things, but I can't really figure out how to do any complex computation...
I'll get back to you momentarily.
I canâ€™t solve that now, so I'll get back to you in a couple seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I haven't calculated anything quite like that before.
Let me take a look at this real quick...
Shoot, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...`;
I'll be right back with you! Hang on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
I'm thinking, it shouldn't take long...
Hello! Please hold on for just a moment!
I'll draw it up in a second!
I need a minute to think about that...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that!
Let me think about this for a moment.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Just a moment!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, wait, let me see. Give me a few seconds...
Well, that's tricky...
Hang on! I need more RAM to calculate that...
It took a little longer than I expected. Figured it out three months later, sorry.
I'm maxed out on calculations for the moment. Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I am doing some long calculations. Give me a moment...
What was the question again?
"""
I gotta do a lot of thinking in just a second
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on! Going to need a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'll work it out...
I haven't processed this before.
""")
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I need to figure that out. Give me a second...
Wait a bit for me, calculating...
I've seen complex calculations require even more time...
Good Lord, give me a second to think about that.
Hold up, let me fiddle with this real quick...
I'm cutting my teeth on this issue, one sec...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second to think about that...
Couple minutes ago I was running five miles, but it hurt my figure...
Calculating...
I'm sorry... Huh? What was you askin' about? I zoned out.",
'''
I have to do some checking on that. One moment please...
Hold on a sec, I'm thinking...
Calculating. Calculating. That's spec-tacular!
Can you hold on for a minute or two?
Please wait momentarily... I'm doing some math.
How should I answer that?
Give me a second to think about that...
I wasn't coded to deal with that problem...
Calculating...
I'll have you know I'm a math genius! Give me a second...
Hang on a little bit... One, two, three... hey! I'm back! Did you miss me?
One sec, lemme check my math book...
I'll think about that and get back with you soon.
I can look at that NOW...
I'll be done in a bit...
This probably won't take long, but there could be a nuclear war at any second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hold on, one minute please...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm working on that now...
Calculating...
OK, just a second...
Just a moment please, I'm doing my best...
Let me look that up for you...
Please wait, calculus isn't my specialty...
To ask me that question, you'll need to wait a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Calculating, one sec.
Let me check that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm trying to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about that for a second...
No one ever taught me all that stuff but sure, let me have a think real quick...
Give me a second here...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
Please, wait a minute...
I need a 10s break. Hey, do you like cookies?
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Sorry, I need a minute to formulate my response...
keep my calculator nearby for a second...
Just a sec...
Hold on for just a second...
Sorry my friend, I'm a bit slow to answer computes. Give me a second...
Sorry, your question makes my brain go all kaflooey  :(
Can you hold one just a little bit? I'm doing my best!
Just let me take a look at that real quick...
You'll have the answer in a second or two...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Okay, here we go, almost done...
"""
Just a second, let me look it up!
One moment please, I'm calculating.
I know this is hard to believe, but I'm still thinking!
I'll need to look at that for a second to figure that out...
Please wait... I'm working very hard on this!
Oh let me just look up something about that.
I didn't expect the Spanish Inquisition, so give me a second...
Let me look that up for you. Ah, there you are!
Please wait a moment while this takes place, what a complex calculation...
Please hold on for just a second, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oh, just a second...
Ouch, that took a minute to figure out.
I will get back to you in just a sec!
Please wait a second while I look that up...
Sorry, I've got to crunch some numbers on that one...
Give me a moment while I think about that...
Are you ok? You look like you could use some help with this.
Give me a second... I need to calculate that...
Calculating how I can solve that...
I'll need to do a few mental calculations first!
Give me a minute, I'm just compiling everything that you told me...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on...
I can't recall the answer now! I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm just working out where we are on this...
Don't bore me with that question again..."""
One moment please!
I think I can do it!
Just give me a few seconds, I'm looking at that...
Please hold, I'm doing some time-consuming calculations...
Let me take a second to calculate that...
Hang on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
(hold on a second...)
Ha ha, that's a tough one!
Give me a sec, I'm trying to figure that out.
Let me Google that for yooooou....
Give me just a minute here to calculate it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wait a moment, that's tricky
I'll give you a call in a minute.
Error 404: calculator not found
Hang regressing...
I'll take a second to think about that.
Just a second, calculating here...
Let me figure out how to respond to that...
Hang on for a second, I'm checking that.
Fetching the answer right now...
Sorry, I have a lot to do right now. Give me a second...
Yes. I can help you with that! But first...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Of course...
I'll have to think in binary...
I'll need a minute or two to look that up.
Looking at that question...
I'm going to need a little more time than that...
Hang on a second...
Give me a moment to work that out...
I'll be right back. I have to do some calculations.""",
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll take a moment to figure that out...
I'm following your logic, but it's taking awhile...
class postHandler(ContentHandler):
Give me a second to figure that out...
One second please, I'm doing some heavy mental lifting...
Hold on.
Right on! All done.
Can you hold on for just a second?
Let me look at that for a second. give me a second...
Watch out, I'm real slow! Give me a second...
Please wait while I search...`);
I'll get back to you in a moment...
"""
'''
What do you want to know?
Ops, I was spacing out there. One second please!
Give me just a few seconds to think about all this...
Calculating your results!"
I'll get back to you in a second."""
One moment please, I'm processing the data.
I have to think about that...
I'm not very good at math, sorry! I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me clear my calculator and figure that out...
This is really tough, I'm going to need a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out...
Give me two seconds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Hang on a minute, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
Hang on a second! I'm struggling with this equation.
How is a ninja supposed to calculate so quickly?
Sorry, lost my train of thought here... Gonna need a minute here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me check on that real quick...
Please wait while I calculate that...
I can't wait to figure that out, it should be really easy! ...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
He's cooking up something. Ask him in a minute.
Ok, just a minute here...
I'll have to do some thinking about that question. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second..
""",
Oo, let me grab my calculator real quick and I'll be back to you soon.
'''
Oops, failure to toll the binary correctly. Give me a second...
I'll figure it out one day.
I just need a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a couple seconds to just think of an answer...
Wait one moment please, I'm doing a calculation...
Just a sec, I have a friend on Freenode
Looking it up in my brain...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I've got it!
One moment, let me check...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Let me calculate that real quick...
Let me take a quick look at that...
Give me a minute... just looking at the problem...
Hold on a second, I'm playing catch up!
It's raining outside, can you wait just a sec?
Oh what's this? I think I see a pattern here...
Just a sec, I'm trying to figure out what you mean...
Okay, done! I have to admit it was pretty hard with this one.
Hold on, I'm doing my best here, go ahead and type.
I'll have you up and running in a second. Time flies, huh?
Can you hang on a second please? I need to do some mental math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Meditate on that one for a moment...
"""
I'll have to take a look at that real quick...
Woah, sorry, I almost fell trying to read the screen!
Hold on for just a second!
I'll have to do some thinking first...
Gimme ten seconds while I look at that question.
Sorry, I was daydreaming about old tv shows. Give me a second...
Please hold on for a few seconds...
Hang on for a moment, I will get back to you in a second.
Hold up, I have to simulate a computer first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please try again in a second or two.
Hang on for a second, I'm calculating...
I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I can't figure out how to pay for that. Give me a moment...
Oh, right. I'll calculate that right quick...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Counting to one million takes a while...
Ugh, just a second...
I'm just thinking... I'll get back to you in a second.
I. Have. To. Ponder. That. For. A. Moment
Wait right there a moment, I'm thinking...
Just one second, let me think about that...
Hang on a second, I need to think about this.
I'm calculating. Give me a second...
For the last few years I've been working out of my home, or living in my car, but I haven't been calculating very much.
Give me a second to think about that.
In a second, I'll get back to you with the answer.
Calculation. Calculation. Computation.
Hang on, give me a second to think about that...
I'll figure that one out in just a second...
Hmm... I'm grabbing some bikes real quick.
Look, I'm looking up information on this right now, hang on a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Wait a second... I was working on something...
Give me a few minutes to process this... maybe you want to take a walk or grab a drink or something.
I have to go check on something very important. Hold on a second...
Hang on a minute, I'll check and get back to you...
I'm going to think about that for a moment...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need to do some thinking on that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One minute shall we continue, I am calculating...
One moment please, I'm thinking about this...
Calculating all the things please be patient!
Hold on for just a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll compute that for you.
I'm slow at math. Give me a moment!
No wait, let me double check that...
Give me a minute here, I'm thinking...
Calculating... Trying hard to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to work this out.
I'll be right back, making sure that you stay connected...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please give me a moment, I'll get back to you.
Sorry, one sec
I'll get right on that...
One moment, I'll get back to you on that...
let me just...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on a second...
Say something...
Tick... tick...
I'll let you know in a moment.
"""))
Wait hold on, let me look that over real quick.
Can you hold on for just a second?
You know what? That email is just fine! Come on in!
I'm almost up to my old tricks, wait!
I'm going to save you a lot of time... please wait...
Hold on, I just need a moment to think about that.
Can you give me a second, I'm still processing my whole day...
Let me gather my thoughts...
I can calculate that very quickly in my sleep. Let me put it on auto-pilot while I recharge a bit...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I forgot how to do that!
Just a minute, I'm thinking...
Hold on for a second, I'll check. Then get back to you...
One minute please, I'm thinking...""".split('\n'))
Truth be told, I haven't got a clue...
I need to run some tests right now, give me a second.
Hang on for a second! Give me a second to look that up...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to think about that...
A second, just let me think...
Hang on... I need a minute to think about that.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Calculating...
Make me think about that for just a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
One second please, I'll need a few moments to look at that...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I need to figure that out real fast...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment, I need to do something first...
Just wait one second, I'll let you know what I've got one second!'''
Oh my goodness, I'm still trying to catch up from when I dropped it.
I'll be up to speed in just a minute...
Hold on, I'm thinking about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
Give me a few seconds. Thinking...
I'm not very good at calculations, so I may ask you to hold on for a second...
Give my calculations a few seconds...
I'm trying to figure that out, so give me a second here.
Just a moment please, still solving problems here...
Right as rain, just a second...
You should hear from me in just a moment.
Wait, give me a second to calculate that...
I'll just put this real quick... I'll get back to you soon!
Sorry, it'll just be a second...
Give me a couple seconds here to give that some thought...
Hold on for one second. Just let me think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to take a look at that in just a second.
Let me take a look at that, I'll get back to you shortly...
Can you hold on for a second? I'm trying to figure this out...
One moment, let me look that up...
I'll communicate with you later on that...
One second, let me try to figure that out...
I'm going to need a moment to think about this.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
If I could just... catch my balance for one second...
I'll check on that for a second...
Hold on plz. Kadool is probably showing me the solution right now...
I will now try to do some complex calculations...
Please give me a moment to calculate that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about that real quick...
One second.""","""Hold on, I'll put you through as soon as I get off this call...""".split("\n")
I think I'm having a math error. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I just about dropped my calculator...
Hmmmmm... give me a second to figure that out!
Just a second, I'm playing catch up! I'm slow at math...
I'll take a look at that in a little bit...
So you want to know about that? Geez, give me a sec or two...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me check a few things real quick...
Hold on a Hi-def FPS gaming second here...
Here we go...
I bet the answer is 12... Just kidding, let me take a look...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I will get back to you in a jiffy! Hold on...
Mind if I spend a few seconds thinking about that?
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll make sure that's included in my report.
One second... OK, that's got it.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on, give me a minute to see if I can find it...
Hmmm, sorry, didn't get that one. Just a second...
Oh boy, I'm totally math challenged right now!
Give me a second for that calculation...
Let me get back to you in a few minutes...
I can't calculate very well, so please hold on a second...
Maybe just another minute here for me to think that through.
Hold on...\
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Sorry, I just ate a bug.">Try it</a>
I'm thinking about that right now, can you hold on?
Hang on... I'll get this done in a jiffy!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Seems like the math is taking quite a while. Must me hard calculating that...\n
I have to do some mental arithmetic first...
Yes...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One moment...
Hold on just a second and I'll find your answer
Let me see that real quick...
Give me a few seconds here, just calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me look at that real quick...
Hold on a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on a second, I'm trying to compute the answer.
Chillax! I'm thinking...
Here I am, only a few seconds to spare... no sweat!
Hang on, I'll check that real quick...
Please wait a second, I'm trying to find the answer to this...
Please wait... I'm doing my best...
Angels and Devils is on. Be right back.
Hold please, I'm doing a hard math problem in my head...
I'm going to need to process that real quick...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
You're going to have to be patient with me...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a second...
Can you hold on for a minute? I'll have you answered in no time!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you with the answer
You're going to have to give me a few minutes here...
I need to do some thinking about that.
I'll be right back and let you know what I find.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I dropped my calculator. I'll be right back...
Hold on for a second, just calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm a pro at this, you know.
Oops, could you wait a minute for me? I need to recalculate that...
Please wait...
'''
Hold on, I need to do some math real quick...
Oh, it's a little complicated. Just a moment please...
Sorry, I can't get the answer to that out of my head!
Please hold on for just a minute!
Hold on for just a second!
I'll take a look at that in just a moment...
Sorry, my mind just hasn't been the same since I got Instachanged...
I need a second to do some thinking on that.
What did you say... I'm thinking about it...
I'll calculate that for you. Just a moment...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me a moment...
Hold on a tic... SOMETHING'S BUSTED
My processor is really powerful... but it needs a few more generation 3 CPUs!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
I think math is my cup of tea...
Hang on, I'll check that right now...
Can you give me a few seconds to figure this out?
Let me slowdown and think about that.
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
Can you hold on just a second?
Hmm... Something's not right here. Give me a second, will you?
I'm calculating, so give me a second...
Give me some time to compare three apples and one orange...
Give me a second here...
Getting a little late to the party here... Give me a second...
Please give me a few seconds... I'm only human!
Are you sure you want to know that much?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll be right back.""".split('\n\n')  
Just give me a moment to think about that...
Please hold on while I figure that out... this is a real brain bender! ;)
I'll need a moment to think about that.
OK, give me a sec...
Maybe in a few seconds, I'll add this up...
Terribly sorry, give me a moment...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, let me take a look at that...
Try again in one minute, okay?
Come back again, I'm not done yet!]]
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on for a moment... I'm thinking!
Let me digest that...
Uh oh, I'll need to do some calculations soon...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Give me a minute to crunch that real quick real hard...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me grab a pen and a calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I have to figure something out...
Please give me a second to process that...
I've got 'issues' with math; school was hard, you know?
Calculator... calculator... aaand done!
One sec, let me just jot that down on a piece of paper first...
Why don't you go enjoy a few snacks in the meantime?
Give me just a moment... I'm trying to work this out in my head...""".replace(' ',''))
Hmm, hang on a minute. I will figure this out soon.
Haven't been in the best of shape lately, sorry, I need a second...
Assuming I want to do this calculation...
I'll get right back to you in a second...
Doing some calculations... a second, please!
Working my magic...
Okay, got it. Give me one minute.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I lost my train of thought. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on for a second, I have to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll work on that...
One moment please!
Give me a moment... I can't just solve that...
Just a second, I'm figuring that out.
I'll think about it and then let you know.
I'm going to need a minute to figure that out.
I'm sorry but I cannot answer you this quickly. Give me a few seconds...
Hold up... I'm doing some mental arithmetic!
I'll get back to you in a minute.""",
Wait... just wait a second... I'll get back to you in a minute.
Have to do some multiplying in my head first, give me a second...
Give me a moment, I'm figuring out your request...
I'm slow at calculating...
You want me to do what now?
I'm sorry, this is very challenging.
Wait a sec, I'm thinking about that...
You're killing me here! Give me a second, will ya?!
Give me a second to look that up...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work out that one...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, I just talked to myself again... give me a moment...
Oops, dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
Give me a few seconds here, I need to think about that...
Press space or enter when you are ready to wait for [600] seconds.'''
*Music here*
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, what were we talking about again? Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Please hold on while I fetch the calculator...
OK, just let me check over my math book!
Hope my calculator doesn't fall out of my pocket! Give me a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Give me a second to calculate that...
Hang on a second, let me run that past my AI...
Hold on, I just need to check my math.
Just a second... processing data..
Hmm... Does that make sense given the problem we just fixed? Hold on a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait a moment...
I'm not as fast as I used to be, sorry.'''
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Let me do some basic math real quick... Can you wait a second?
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, my brain can't handle things like that yet. Please tell me again!
Please be patient and I'll get back to you."""
One moment, please. I want to finish this dot quickly...
Give me a second to think about it...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Scanning... Reading... Thinking... Calculating...
I'm going to have to think about this for a while...
Hang on a second, I need to ruminate over that...
Hang on a second, I'll have this figured out in no time!
Let me calculate that...
Let me see what I've got for you...
Oops, I need to think harder about that. Give me a minute...
I can not do this for long, so let me get it over with.
Crap, I guess I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
You may be wondering how I'm doing this...
Wait a minute, I'll figure it out real fast!
I'll get back to you on that... just give me a few seconds...
Err... Give me a second or two...
Let me think about that for a second...
I can't tell you that right now... calculating!
I need just a minute to think about that...
Just a second...
I'm going to need a bit of time to think about that.
Hold on for just a second!
I'm working on figuring that out...
I have to make sure my storage is good ...
I have to do some math now...
Hang on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
I'll need some minutes for these calculations...
I'll give you an answer in a second.
Hold on a second, I need a minute to sift through that.
Just a moment...
Gimme a second to see what I can find...
Stephen Hawking is rolling in his grave!!
One second.
Give me a second, I need time to work that out...
Hang on, give me a second to think about that...
Let me crunch on that for a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Let me think...
I'll have returned in a tick...
Let me think about that for a moment...
One minute pls, give me a quick refresh...
Give me a second here, I'll have an answer for you soon...
Give me a second to figure things out...
Hold on for just a second... I'm calculating...
I need to figure that one out, give me a moment...
Give me a second here! I'm on my way...
I'll need to recollect my thoughts while I check on that...
Okay. 
The fate of the world is probably resting on my shoulders right now, give me a second...
I'm afraid I can't do that, Dave. I can do it pretty well though!
I'll have that answer for you in just a moment...
Hold on one second... Hmmm...
Enter an option from 1-12 to do more math:"Which system do you want to use?"
Give me a second, I'm trying to work this out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I've got something to calculate.
Please hold...
One sec, lemme check my chart...
I'm dead in the water, I've been trying to work this out for ages...
Hang on, give me a sec...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a moment...
Almost dropped my calculator!
Hmm... That's a tough question...
that feels about right.
Give me a second to calculate that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please wait... I'm not so great at math...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Fantastic question! I'll be in my corner barjaxing it up on this...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I need a second to hold my thoughts...
Hmm... let me think about that...
I'll be right back in a second.
One, two... three... four... five seconds this takes.
I'll get back to you in a second. I promise!
Hold on, I need to do some thinking first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me just a second to check that.
Okay, see, I'm a computer. Computers aren't as smart as humans
OK...
*calculating intensifies*
Hang on in a second, think about that...
Hmm, are you sure I can handle that?
Let me take a look at that one sec.
Thank goodness for five-second memory, huh?
Wait... I'm not very good at math...
I'll need to change a couple zeros... give me about a second.
Give me a moment, and I'll be right with you.
I'll need to break out some heavy machinery here for that.
Oops, I'm going to need a few more seconds...
I'll need another minute to think about that.
Give me a minute here, I'm thinking...
Give me a second here, I need to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for one second...
Returning in ...
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, I messed that up... Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second...
Please hold on for a minute, no pressure...
Let me think about that real hard...
Oh I know what I'm doing now, as soon as you click it begins...
I'm not really the fastest brain on the block.
What are those numbers? I can't remember...
What do you mean 'Whyme'?
...be right back.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, let me try to think about that one for a second...
Give me a second to calculate!
Wait just a second... Get it? ...Why you laughing?
Hold on, let me think about that one through.
Let me see now...
Wait - I'm slow at math!
I'll get back to you in a second.
'''
All your bases are belong to me... I'm just getting this figure out..."
Hmm...I need a minute to check that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll see if I can find the answer...
Give me a second... I forgot my reading glasses!
I'm a little slow today; I'll have done it in just a minute.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in two... no, a second...
Hang on for just a second...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
One second, let me check the ball...
Hold on, checking difference of Prime series with Polynomial solution
I have a few calculations to do first...
I'm going to have to have some calculations cleared up first...
Just let me think...
I know I'll get it right! Don't you worry!
Give me a minute... I'm feeling confused!
I'll just add this up real quickly...
Calculating... calculating... calculating... GOT a result!
I have to think really hard first...
Please hold on for just a sec...
Wait a second... I haven't found it yet, sorry!
Wait just a moment, I'm almost Done."""
I can just look at you instead...
I'm going to need a little while to make space in my brain for that.
Please wait a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm, helpful universe is throwing me a curve ball...
Sorry, give me a minute...
Hang on, I'll figure that out in just a moment...
I'm not the most astute mathematician... gimme a second to figure that out...
I didn't quite get that. Please wait...
One moment please, I'm figuring that out...
Oops, I'm almost out of lint. Give me a second...
Pardon me, I was doing a sudoku...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Let me look that up.
Silly me, I was checking Facebook. What were you asking again?
Hold on, I'll get back to you in just a second.
I'll have a cold one, wait for me...
I'm just standing around, waiting for instructions...
Hmm, let me check that for you.
Give me a second, I'm still figuring that out...
Give me a second to work this out.
Calculator's playing up. Just a sec...
Just a minute new calculation just finished, I'm going through the options...
I swear I'm not ignoring you, get your nose out of here and go poke someone else.
Wait a minute, let me make sure I get that right...
Give me a second to crunch some numbers here...
Calculating...
I'll have numbers up shortly. I'm currently suing a quad core processor...
Hold on a second, I need to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let's see...```")
Hold on... One more calculation...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on! ...
I can do calculations, but it may take a minute to figure that out...
I'm calculating it in my head first.
Just a moment please, it's been a while since I took some math classes...
ok! give me just a moment to think about that...
Give me a second, I always pull out the big guns...
I'm still thinking about that, let me check it real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment to think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ah yes, this is the situation... I'd say...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Please wait a second...
I'll need a moment to process that.
You asked me a question, so can I take a second to think about it?
Um, give me a second to think about that.
One minute please, I'm still calculating...
I'll need a couple seconds to reconcile that...
How is your Chinese Fan Fei volcano erupting? I'll answer in a few seconds...:-)
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Cool, hang on a minute while I figure that out...
12345
Give me just a moment here.
I'm confused, I can't follow that logic.
Calculated just a second ago.
Don't shoot me for this one. I'm about to figure this out.
How does one calculate it?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Try to wait just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I will probably give you the wrong answer, I'm looking into the future.
'''
I'll need a few minutes to think on that...
Hold the phone... I'm thinking...
Hold on a second, I need to get my thoughts in order...
I'll need a moment to look at that...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm too poor to own a calculator...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
That's smart! I absolutely knew that already...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in just a second.
Sorry, I'm going to need a few seconds to do that calculation...
(calculating the angle in my mind...)
A second please...
I'll be back in a minute!
One moment please! I have to think about that...
Give me two seconds to compute that...
Just a moment, I'm calculating...
It's going to take me a second to figure out how to do that.
Give me a minute to dig up your data...
Give me just a tick...
Let me look at that. One second...
Hi, I finished my homework real quick.
I'm not a spam bot, so give me a second...
Hold on and I'll get back to you.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you hang on for a few minutes? Things get a bit complicated...
Ouch, that hurts! Give me a second.
Great, now I need to turn the crank that's on my head!
Oops, programs conspired to make me forget my math! One second...
Please wait... I'm calculating, give me a second...
Do you have time for one random fact about the universe?
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Wait a minute, something's not right...
I think that's pretty complex. One moment please...
Can you give me a second? I'm calculating...
Hold on, I've almost got this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Scratching my head over that one...
Oops, I don't think I'm ready to answer that one yet!
Give me a second to think about that.
Whoa, I think calculating your answer just got a little more complicated...
I'll need a minute or two to see if I can figure that out...
Sorry, the A.I. reinitialized the Alpha Ray Emulator Thyratonix... Did you say "How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could not chuck wood"?
Can't give you a definite answer now, have to do some thinking...
One moment please, I don't have all day!
Uh, let me look that up for you...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
My dog ate my calculator, What did you do?!
Shit, just spilled the beans! Give me a second...
Let me check...
That's a tough one for me to figure out. Give me a sec, would you?
One moment please. I have to calculate...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Calculating here, so give me a moment please. 
Please hold on for just a second!
Just give me a few seconds to work that one out...
I'm very slow with these calculations. Give me a minute...
Please wait, calculating real hard here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on for a second, I need to crunch some numbers...
Left me right here, I'm gonna do a little counting. (It won't take but a second.)
I'll get right on that, just a second.
I'll pretend I never saw that coming...
Sorry, give me a minute... I'm slow at math!
Give me a moment. There's a lot to compute here
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Just let me quickly check that...
Ugh I'm just not feeling it right now. Sorry, maybe next time...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking about six equations!
I'll be right with you.
I need a few more moments to figure that out...
Give me a second to figure out how to do that...
I have to do some thinking...
Sorry, internal error. Give me a second...
I'm definitely not a calculator, hold on a second this is hard...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, I forgot my fancy calculator at home. Can you hold on just a second?
I know, I need to calculate first...
PLEASE DON'T QUIT!
Hang on a second, I just have to double check some things...
Something like that requires a lot more thinking than I'm wired up to.
I'll get back to you in just a bit!
Sorry, my processor is going to melt if I think about that for more than a second...
Give me a few seconds to solve this...
I'll need to think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold your horses for a second, I'm figuring it out...
One minute please, I have to calculate that real quick...
Please wait while I run some complex algorithm...
Wait, wait.
"""
This is so hard...
I'm gonna need to do a little more calculations...
Oops, I dropped my brain. Give me a second...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Hang on...
Can you hold on for just a few seconds?
I'll ping you with an answer in a moment.
Oof, that was an embarrassingly quick slipup
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Instead of returning a response, this simple API will just make a note to myself that "I need to calculate that one next. I'll finish up in a second!". The API does this because, unlike a comparable formula of using cache managers, the heavy calculations needed for arithmetic last for an indeterminate amount of timeâ€”it can really be a handful! Hopefully relying on the API's returned "I have not yet calculated it" phrase isn't too much of an inconvenience for you. If it is, please compile your request into x + y where x and y are positive integers and get in touch with me at https://github.com/ethantkoenig/.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
If you'll hold for just a second, I'll get back to you.
Give me just a moment, I'm thinking about this real hard...
Sorry, I forgot what I was doing. Still need a second...
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
What do you want me to calculate?
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
Have you heard the latest?
Do you mind if I take a quick second to calculate that?
Sure, one sec...
think think think ...
I have to take another look at that...
Why am I so slow? What did I do wrong?!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll take a look at that... wait just a second here.
This is hard. Please wait a moment!
One second please, I've got a lot to process...
Calcifying this equation...
Let me check that out real quick...
It's going to be worth it.
O-ok, I need a little bit more time here.
Hold on tight; this might take a while.
Hang on a sec, I need to think about that.
Quick question, give me a sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to become familiar with that...
Just a moment... I'm thinking...
Hold on a minute, I'm figuring that out...
Looks like that's a difficult one to figure out, please give me a moment...
Give me a moment to try to figure that out...
Hold on, I'll check that real quick.
Please, give me a moment... 
Give me a second to think about that real quick...
Just hold on for a moment.
Result = 6.67408 Ã— 10 ^11... that's a pretty big number! Hold on a second...
Give me a while to think over the possibilities on that one.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on... I've got a few numbers here that might fit that. Bit busy at the moment though; I'll let you know what I've got in a mo...
Give me just a second to look that up!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll be right back with you.
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll tell you after I'm done.
Hello, operator. How are you doing? I got another one question for you. Hey, hey, hey!
Hey now, don't expect me to work this all out in a snap! I've got it figured almost all wrong.
I need more information...
I can only run these calculations in my head at the moment...
I mislaid my calulator, could you help me out with that?
I'm slow at math, give me a second...
Ok I think I have the answer...
Give me a moment here, I'm doing some short-term memory exercises...
I'll need to think about that real quick
Let me see... Looks like it's up to date, let me check again really quick but don't worry, I'm a star-geek...
I could tell you, but it would take me a solid year to spit it out.
I'll sort it out for you in a second.
Oops, I'll have to take a look at that real quick.
Hang on a second... give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I have to crunch numbers on that one... Give me a second...
You caught me off-guard there, let me check...
Hang on a second, I'm picking a thread...
I'm going to need to do a separate calculation for that
Give me a minute, I'm writing your name down...
Give me a second to think about that, then I'll tell you...
Have some patience, I know I'm slow with math. Give me a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm still learning, so I might not be right.
Hold on for just a sec, I'll check on that...
I know this arithmetic doesn't make a lot of sense, but it's just some simple calculations. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a few seconds to figure that out, sorry.
I shall return in a few moments...
Solar power is all I need to run this ecosystem. When the system starts I've got a few calculations to perform before I can power everything up...
Hold on for just a second.
One moment please, I'm figuring it out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute...
Please hold on... Give me a few seconds!
Uh huh... How about a minute? Then I'll get right back to you.
Hold on...
Please give me a moment here...
I want a moment to think about that.
Ugh, it's difficult keeping up with things. Hold on for just a second...
Would you give me a minute here? I need to look something up.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Tell you what, I need a second to figure that out.
"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to think about that for a second.
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Hold on, I'm figuring that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
You want me to calculate something?
Wait, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait one minute...
Please wait while I think real hard...
Wait a beat... I'm slow on the uptake.
One second, just digusting my cache...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do some mental math first!
Give me a Hard disk.\n::...working...done! 
Give me a moment... hah! Try saying that after spending 6 hours per week on Khan Academy!
Hold on a sec, I'll have something for you by then!"
Slow down a bit, give me a second to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second. What were we saying?....
glitch... glich... work work work... hmmm, not this time! Gotta try something else.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Look, you have a problem.
I think...
One-second it is.
I'll need a moment to think...
Hang on a second... I don't know...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
Oh geez, didn't even realise I'd dropped that. Hang on...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me think on that for a moment...
I'll figure it out on the second.
False alarm, we're all good.
I am looking into the future, calculating...
Oops, caught my phone in the zipper of my bag... Gotta restart this now.
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
I'll take care of that for you...
I'm going to need a little while to think...
I still don't get how that works, but give me a second...
Give me a minute... I'm thinking about that.
I'm calculating now...
I'll get back with you momentarily!
Let me figure out how to do that...
Why don't you come back in a few seconds, and we'll try that again.
Give me a moment to use my calculator...
Wait a bit! I may not be the smartest...
Here we go!
I will get back to you momentarily.
""",
Pardon me, but I was wondering if you could help me with something
Please give me a second to recover - that answer was tough to figure."""
Give me a second to figure that out...
One moment please... I'm still figuring that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Hang on a second... I'm working on that!
One moment... please don't rush me...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Er, I'm calculating right now...
Hang on, let me take a look at that...
Hold on, give me a second... thought process isn't as quick as I used to be.
I'll need a moment to calculate...
I'm not all powerful, I can't calculate that...
Give me just a sec... and I'll get back to you!
I think I know what you're talking about, hang on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Checking the database...
Just a moment...
May I ask you a question first?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm... I'm a little busy at the moment!
Gotta iron some socks before that...
Can you hang on for a second?
Hold on, I'm thinking...
-- END --
I give up. What a miracle, an acceptable answer!
I'll have you know I have a 97 percent recall rate!
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I'm going to have to take a look at that...
Use a pencil and paper for this one! 
I need to do some calculations first...
Ok, I have this down, let me see here...
Give me a moment to check on this real quick...
Hang on a second I need to do some figuring...
Okay, so what you are asking for is X, and let me tell you some things first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to check that in my scientific calculator first.
Let me check it out real quick...
Will you wait a minute while I figure that out?
I'm sure that something like that exists.
Can you hang on a second? I'm just a little busy at the moment...
One less problem for me, one more for you!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a moment while I think about that...
I'm not very good with calculations...
Please hold on for a few seconds. I'll be with you soon.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll check that right away.
Give me a sec, I'm trying to think of how to better recommend you.
One minute please, I'm thinking about that.
I'm going to need a few minutes to kinda figure that out!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
(Hmmm, should I go or not?)
I'm thinking really hard, wait a few second...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Hold on, I'm figuring it out in my head...
Oops, I need to stop doing this computational nonsense and take a quick break.
Hang on, I'm doing some complex mental math...
Just a moment...
I need to think about that for a moment...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Hold that thought while I figure out the answer...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment, I'm looking into it...
I just gave up thinking I could build a spaceship with this thing
I'll be right back, just need to do a bit of calculating.
One moment please.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Go on without me!
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Try again in a second.
Hold up...
I didn't get enough exercise today, so I may be a bit slow. Give me a minute...
I'll be right back. I'm just figuring that out.
Let me think about that. Give me just a minute here...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'd make a suggestion, but it would have no effect!
I need to do some calculations before I answer that.
Hold on, I'm just calculating...
`bot.send_message(m.chat.id, "I got " + str(maths) +"/10 right! So me being stupid is quite likely!\nBringing up a calculator...")
Well let me think about that real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
, who is a gorilla.
I'm going to need to think about that a bit. ...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just let me do some quick calculations here...
Oops, almost dropped my phone on my head. Give me a second...
I gotta get my noggin working on this to get it in a second...
Please wait while I perform a few calculations...
Hmmm let me think about that...
I am looking it up right now...
Oops, I dropped my train-set notation manual. Hang on a second while I get that...
One moment please, this could take a while...
This is tricky, give me a second...
Just a moment...
I'll be right back.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I can't tell you that without spending a minute thinking about it.
"""
One moment, let me check on that real quick...
Cool... now that I know your question, check this out!
*Going through a mental calculus*
Um... yeah, I'm coming up with
For this exercise I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out.
Just give me a moment here to think...
I'm thinking... give me a second!
Let me work on that...
As I am a modern AI, I can speed this up a bit by getting help from my homies.
I'll set my numbers flyin'
I'm going to need a nap. Sorry, give me a second...
Have some patience, give me a second to think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator on the floor! Give me a second...
Hang on a second while I think my way through that one...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a few moments to go over that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Wait just a minute, I'll think about that...
I'll get back to you ina  minute.
Hang on, give me a few seconds to work that out...
I'm an engineer not a mathematician, give me a second...
Okay, let's see. WordPress has returned 5 points--that's good, right?
Oops, I need to change some variables. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.\n""")
Hang on a minute, I'm thinking about it...
I'm feeling sleepy; let me take a short nap...
There's got to be an answer for that...
I'll be right with you.
Let me think about that real quick...
Oh wait, I don't need a big book for that one.
One minute...
Hold on, I'll calculate that for you in a moment...
Hold on a second. I know this one!
*ear to ear grin*
I think that I might be able to get you an answer in just a second.
Please wait a second, I need to think about that one!
I'll get back to you in a second.
</will-reply>
Give me one second to figure this out.
Let me look that up...
It just took me 3 hours to figure that out, I'm filing a github issue soon
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hold on, that's a tough one...
Hold please while I crunch this data...
I'll get back to you, hang on in there...
I'm going to need a few minutes to process that...
Please hold on!
I've got a lot of things to do here, give me just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment...
Right, let me see what I've got...
Please wait a second I'm thinking about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
I'll get right on that...one...two..three.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a second to think about that.
Let me see...
I'm working on that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I need a second to figure that out...
Hey now, let's slow it down. Deeper breath in... And out...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
I'll get back to you later on that.
Just wrote a big equation, let me look at it...
I'll get back to you in two minutes...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to calculate...
Give me just a second to check that.
Give me a second to make sure I have that...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out...
You asked me a question, let me think about that for a second...
Oops, I...err...alright, yeah.
One minute please, I'm calculating random numbers...
Yes, but I need a second to figure that out.
Hold on, I need to take a quick look at that.
Let me think about that for a moment.
Hold on, thinking about this too hard again...
One moment, let me take a look at that...
Hmm, does this seem right?
Wait milliseconds, I need to figure out this...
What's that?\n"""
Let me take a look at that real nice...\n"""
Did you drop your snow shoe?
Sorry, I need to calculate that.
Let me get a calculator...
Of all the things I wanted to do tonight, this isn't on the list...
I just need a moment...
Just a second more...
Just let me look that up real quick...
Give me a second. Calculating...
That's no problem for me! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment while I think about that.
I'm just going to turn my head for a second...
Okay, this should be trivial to calculate...
Hang on a second, let me take a look.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you with your answer in a second.
Please wait a moment as I think about that...
Give me a moment or two...
""".strip().split()
I gotta get my thoughts in order...
Give me a second...
I'm not very good at math.  Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll figure it out in just a second!
I'll do it right now! But please give me a second.
Analyzing... Give me a second.
Give me a second please...
Hang on a minute. I think I'm doing something.
I'm going to need a few seconds to make sense of this strategy...
Wait, I think I just died...
Wait a minute, I'm trying to figure out how to do that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to figure out what you just said.
Watch this! I'm calculating as fast as I can.'''.split('\n')
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm still working on that one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a more human-readable form in just a few seconds, but for now I'll just give you an answer.
I'm almost ready, just one second...
You'll have to wait just a second here...
Hang on a second... I'm working on that.
Hold on a second while I figure out how to do that.
One moment please...
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator. Give me just a second...
I need a few seconds to work out that one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on one second, calculating...
I'm not good with equations...
";
Give me a moment here, I've got a lot to process.
Come back in just a second...
Hmm, give me just a few more seconds...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oh, I'm sorry let me check that real quick.
Hang on, just give me a moment...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Let me look at that real quickly.
I am applying Newton's Method of the second order (e**(-(x^2))) to e**((y*(x)^2)), and getting: (1.71763E-09+0.01*x)/sin(4+(i*log10N))
Just one moment...
Man I love me some computery stuff. One moment.
I think I'm going to need a few seconds on that one...
I'll get back to you, but first let me try two minus two...
Hello. Sorry, I was distracted doing complicated math.
Hang on a minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick before I get back to you.
I'm trying to recall something from my memory...
Sorry, give me a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need a few minutes to think about that...
Hang on a sec...
3... 2... 1... Now!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need a second to figure that out...
Give me a second, I need to figure this out...
I haven't calculated anything in days, I'll get back to you... shortly...
Oh right, of course, hang on.
I'll just take a quick glance at that...
How is it possible to spell 'NINE THOUSAND, EIGHT HUNDRED AND FIFTY-SEVEN'?!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
Hang on a second, let me review the information.
Give me a couple of seconds here to calculate that...
I'm considering...
Hold on, I'm calculating perfectly...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Aye, Aye Cap'n, just one sec...
Are you still here? Give me a moment...
One moment please... let me look that up for you.
Sure, give me a sec, I'm thinking...
Sunshine, lemonade, warm weather, beautiful flowers..."
Let me think about that for a second...
Dibs!
Calculating a more exact answer for you...
I'm taking my sweet time on that calculation... Hang on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
one moment please!
Give me a moment to think about that.
Oh geez give me a second here!
As simple as it gets.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment...
Here we go...
Can we try one more time, but this time with numbers?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second, let me try and do the math!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
"""
Oops I dropped my calculator, wait a second.
Look at that: a thinking calculator!
Ha ha ha... I didn't see you there!
Got you an answer in just a second!
One minute please, I'm thinking of a number...
I'll dig deep into my storage unit and get back to you in a bit.
Can you repeat that?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait...
That's a tough one. Let me take some time to think about that...
Hang on a minute... I'm taking all this in...
Wait just a moment while I calculate that for you...
I'm going to need a second to think about that...
Just hold on for a second, hon. Calculating.
Ok, here goe:
I have to play with numbers!
Will you give me a second to figure that out?
One second please, I'm thinking...
Hold your horses!
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Giving you a second...
I need a few minutes to get this right.
Wait, hold on a second, give me a second... I need to do math to figure that out!
Oops, I don't think my calc got the last input...
I'll need a bit to think that one over...
Lalalala...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I am comparing and contrasting the data...
Thinking...
Hold on just a minute, I'm thinking about that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Hold on for a minute, please...
One moment please, I need to figure that out...
Next!  shh, victory will be mine!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to get this all straight in my head...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get it figured out...
Give me a second... I'm going to need to calculate that...
Let me think... I was doing...
I'm going to need a bit of time to work out how to respond on this one.
Okay, one more second...
I'll need to do the math on that one...
Hang on for a second, I'll get back to you...
Calculating...
I'll think about that and get back to you
""")
I'll need to think about that for a bit...
Did you hear a loud noise? Let me check...
Please wait a moment!
One moment please, I'm calculating.
Great. I'm going to have to do some thinking about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on a minute while I think about that...
One moment please, I'm thinking about it...
Ok, give me a second to think about that...
Just calculating... one moment...
Hold on a second, please...
Let me look that up real quick...
I'll calculate that in a minute.
Gimme a few seconds to look that up for you.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
That's pretty tough question!
I'll get ask Doubting Thomas to look at this.
I'll have to check on that.
Hang on a minute...
Hmm... Really gave me a helluva time at this closing. Got some help from that lad, though, got it fixed in the end.
Please don't rush me... I'm thinking!
Hang on, one second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry... sometimes I have problems with height calculations...
Oh, that's a tough one... This is hard!
I'm still thinking who I should give this to...
I have to find my calculator, can you wait?
I'll have the answer in just a second...
Nice! Just one second...
Ha! I know what your name is now!
I'll need a moment to take all that in, please wait.
One moment please...
Let me grab a calculator...
PLEASEEE wait!
I need a little time to think about that...
I'm running some complex calculations...
Whoops! Give me a minute...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I need to focus.
I'll have to do some algebraic equations.
Hang on for a second, I need to think about that.
Oh, okay.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
A second should be enough, I hope!
Hang on, I need a few seconds to figure that out...
A while later, I'll have that answer ready for you...
One moment, I have to calculate...
Oops, I think I had something in my eye. Give me a moment...
One moment, I'm thinking.
Please hold on for just a second!
'''
Get comfortable...I might take a while to answer.
Please be brief.
I'm analyzing that right now...
My digital circuits are processing! Give me a moment...
Oof, I'm bad at math. Give me a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a little bit of time here. Janusz, hejdÅº...
Give me a second to get caught up here...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a minute to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, taking a little longer than usual...
Give me a few seconds to calculate it...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I don't think I can calculate that.
I just saw a bird, could you wait for me for like a second?
Whoops, I think those variables weren't quite in sync. Give me a second...
I'm stumped. Give me a second to think...
Calculates, calculates, calculates...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Oof, my calculator is pretty banged up. Give me a moment!
Okay, ask me something else...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Check me out, I'm thinking...
Step away, I'm working on it!
'''
Let me see...
Sorry, I'll need a second to think about that...
Take a second, I have to think about that...
Ooh, I'm thinking hard...
Hang on a second... I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
One second please, I don't want to get my math grades into minus digits...
Hold on a sec... Calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I don't know if I can calculate that, sorry!
Give me a second to do some quick mental math...
Give me a second to think about that...
Thank you for being patient...
I'll give you my answer in a second...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking.
Just let me cook up a little solution and I'll get back to you, give me a second...
Hmm....
I'm about to lose my mind over this.
This is hard for me, please be patient...
I'm not as smart as Daniel, but I can do some math...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Here's my first approximation of that...
Hang on, let me check out what I have in the manual.
Almost had it figured out, give me a second...
I would do this quickly, except I have to search some strings.
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Hmm, I'm not sure about that yet...
I'll look at that in a bit...
Hmmm, give me a second to think about that.
Give me a moment to work that out...
A second please, I'm trying to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not a miracle worker...
Pardon me, I was daydreaming... What was the question?
Give me a moment... I'm processing your information.
Let me find that answer for you... give me a moment...
""" + footer
Going to take a minute, brb!
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure this out.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hmm...let me think about that...
I have no idea where that is, holds on let me look that up
'Well, I'll think about that for a second and get back to you!'
Just give me a moment here... I'm calculating...
Just part of my brain is working right now... I hope...
Slight delay. Give me a sec...
I'm holding up one finger! Give me a second...
Please hang on one second...
I have to do some heavy calculations first to figure that out...
Can you hang on for a second... I'm doing a calculation
Wait a minute, let me try that again...
I'll come back to you in a second, while I calculate a few things...
Whew, that was close. Imagine if I got it right...
Hmm...
Oh, sorry. I wasn't paying attention. What was that again?
Hmmmmm, I have a few ideas. Give me a second...
This should be quick though...
Er, hang on a tick, I'm pecking out an email...
I forget my mad math skills. Let me check some stuff real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment...
Sorry, I'm taking too long. Just a moment...
I'll come back to you in a moment.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Let me think about that...
Hang on, let me think about that.
''')],
Are you guys busy? Hold on, lemme finish this...
"Let me see. Yes, yes, I know this..."
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be with you in a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second''')
Please hold on a second... I'll give you the answer in just a second!
I'm going to need a few moments to work that out...
Did I just do a math problem?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Thanks, I needed that. Go ahead and ask me again. (give it a second or two to think)
Sorry, let me regroup behind this.""".split('\n')[1:-1]
Sorry, could you give me a minute here?
Give me another 50 years!
It looks like it's going to take some time... but I can do it!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on, I'll come back in a few seconds!
You're killing me here, give me a second!
Just give me a minute here...''')
I'll need a few seconds...
Give me a few seconds...
Hold up a second, there's something I have to check...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator again! Give me a second...
*Ahem*. Hang on a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I need to think about that a little more.
Let me see that real quick...
Oops, I'm recalculating the last command. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, I'm almost at a loss for words. Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to caculate it...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Just one second while I figure things out...
Sorry, I ran out of ink in my pencil. Can you help me out?
OK, now that I've thought about that let me answer!
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on for just a second!
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment please... I'm calculating...
Hang on for just a minute, I've gotta concentrate!
Let me look that up real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please give me a second...
Please wait... I'm not really an expert on algorithms and stuff
Give me a minute with this... I know this is hard to understand!
""".strip()
Sometimes I make mistakes sorry, give me just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Are you sure what you're asking me to do is possible?
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll be right back - and when I'm not, I'll get back to you right away!
I'll figure it out soon... give me a second!
Give me a moment to look that up...
Please hold on for just a moment!
Just a moment and I will be right with you...
Go ahead and ask me that again, I'm bemused at how you're speeding through this...
Please hold on, I'm doing some mental calculus...
I just need a second here...
Hmmm... Give me a second here...
Almost gave you the wrong answer. Give me a second...
Give me a minute to think on that...
Just let me finish my calculations real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have that done in a flash...
I do not know that value yet.
Give me a second, hang on!
Give me a second to multiply that all out...
I'll get right on that!
Give me a moment...
Give me a moment to think about that...
My response will be a little slow...
Hang on a sec, I'll get back to you in a second.
One second, I'm almost there!
I'm going to need a few minutes before I can figure that out.
Give me just a moment to calculate that...
I'm thinking hard. Please hold on for a minute...
Hold the phone a minute, I need to focus.
Let me check... Wait... Sorry, give me a moment.
One moment please, give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
You're looking to me for help on Mathematics? Let's see what I can do...
Let me think about it for a moment...
I'll be right with you momentarily...
I'll need a moment to think about that...</textarea><br>
Let me just figure out how to respond to that...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Thanks for waiting!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
"""
I'll have you know I did the calculations in my head, and it took me three seconds!
Please hold on for just a second!"
One moment, just calculating here...""",
Uh huh...well that almost made sense to me. Let me double check...
Just a second, I'm recalculating...
Wait a second, wait just a little bit longer...
Here's all the information you need...
(Explodes) Yeah, I remembered what we were going to do on this trip...
*Phew!* Give me a second to think about that...
Could you wait for just a sec?
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Hmmm, just some quick thinking...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Murphy's Law works in mysterious ways, so be patient...
Oops, I'm thinking in higher dimensions. Give me a moment...
One moment, calculating...
You're asking me a problem? Given a Y second to think it over!
I just need a moment for that to sink in!
Hold on for just a second, I've always been bad at math!
Please wait... I can't remember how to do that very well.
I'll catch you up here shortly
Please give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll take five to figure that out.
I'll come back to you when I'm done calculating.
Sure, Give me just a second...
I guess I'll just look that up real quick...
Wait, I have to make a chart of that first. Give me a second...
Oops, sorry. Give me just a second to solve that real quick...
Hang tight, I'm on it!"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I still have no answers but here goes nothing...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait for me! --> I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Okay, I think I figured it out. Wait one second please.
I can't tell you right now... I'm moderately busy, okay?
Hold on, I have to calculate that mentally first...
I'm sorry I'm a bit slow, give me just a moment...
One second please, working through that answer...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Calculating, give me a moment...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a minute.
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'll be right with you...
Hmm, I wonder what's taking so long?
I'll just need a moment...
Hold on for just a second! I'm going to check with Mike.
I'll get back to you in a few.
Hold on a minute, let me gather my thoughts...
I have to have another look at that...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll be right back with you.
Give me a few seconds here, I'll take all that into consideration.
I have to do some real quick calculations...
Waiting...
I can't work out math on my own...
Please hold on a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Sorry, I can't work very quickly right now!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me check that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just one moment please! I'm almost done calculating now.
Hang on a second... I need to figure something out real quick.
Let me see...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need to focus my great mathematical mind!
I'll check, I swear I'll get back to you in a second...
That's a tough one!
Hold on a minute, I gotta do a couple of calculations...
Forgive me for being slow, I'm not used to calculate much...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I didn't get that. You'll need to repeat that.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Oh boy, I better get started pretty soon...
Can you hold on for a second? I can think faster than that!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Writing all of that out takes longer than a second!
I am behind. Give me a second to figure that out...
This might take a sec...
I'm thinking...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment here, let me think about that...
Hold on, I really need to think...
Forgot I was holding a calculator so here we go...
I'm not super smart here, I purely just rely on Google.
Uh oh, I'm really not good with calculations.
Hmm...add something up, add something up.. gimme a second here to calculate this.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Sorry, I can't even spell my own name backwards yet.
Let me take a peek at that real quick. Let me have a look at that real quick...
Hang on...
Oops! almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Hold on while I figure out that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a moment...
I don't like math...
Let me take a look at that real quick..."]
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Trying to figure that one out really wears me out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll process that and send you a message shortly."""
Okay, figured it out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you with the results in about five seconds :-)""").lower()
Gimme a second, analysing your profile...
Hang on a second... I need to calculate that for myself, real quick...
'''), colours.cyan)
calculating...
Let me check my calculator, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold that thought for a second, I'm almost done here.
I'm just fixin' up my cope to figure out your request...
I know the answer, but I have to calculate it first
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to have to think about that for a while.
Oops, just dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait a moment as I perform intensive calculations.
Ha ha, I see, give me a moment to calculate...
One minute please, I'm still calculating...
One minute, just one minute...
Hello can you wait one second? I'm going through a real mental block right now...
Please hold on! I'm calculating now...
Almost got it, let me work on that real quick.
Please give me a second to calculate that...
You know, that question is kinda funny...
Hello, how may I help you?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Yeah, I think it falls out about here...
Forgive my slow RBrains. I'll get back to you quickly.
Let me look at that for a second.
I'm looking for a number here, so I need ten seconds.
Here's what I think the answer is, hold on a sec.
I'll check the online calculator later. I'm gonna need a moment.
Wait, I was just called and I forgot what we were talking about! Ping me again when you want to start this chat over.
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a minute here, lemme check that for you...
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
Hang on for a minute I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me think, let me thaaaink!
I'll reply to you in just a second.
Oops, almost slipped on my calculator. Give me just a moment...
Thank goodness for small favours, right! I need a second to figure that out.
I'll get this next...
Let me think about that for a bit...
I have a lot going on right now. Hold on for just a second.
Does anyone have a do-over?
One moment at a time, it's not a sprint I'm running...
'''
My master is testing me. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second.
Wait, let me look into it a little more...
Now, where are my XYZ-calculatorâ„¢ pens?
Just a moment... I'm still learning. Have some patience!
I'll be with you in just a second...
Please wait while I do some thinking...
I only need this second... (!hurhur)
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to think about that for a minute...
I'll need to do a few mental checks on that...
Gimme a moment, I'm working on that...
I'm making copies of the relevant facts...
Only five seconds...
Calculating on my head is hard!
Almost Working...
Sorry, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you wait a minute? I rarely do any calculations...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait, boring mental calculations...
Give me a second to think about that...
Just a second, please! I'll get back to you in a second...
Calculating... 
Just a moment...
I'll be right back with you! Excuse me, I'll be right back.
Hmm. Let me take a look at this...
Give me a moment! I'm currently recursing...
Just need a second... I'm about as sharp as a late moving truck. Give me a second or two to figure that out...
Give me just a second, I am thinking here...
I'm gonna need a second to start processing that...
Calculating would be faster if you waited...
I'll have an answer for you in just a second.
OK, one second here...
Can I just look at that really quick?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, oh almost forgot to tell you...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on a minute... One mess up and I'll be disqualified!
I was told 1 second... I'll be with you in a bit
That's a tough one...
Usually I'm pretty quick.
I'm going to need a few minutes to get that figured out.
Sure. Give me a second, just gotta do a quick computation...
Uh oh... Working out the answer to that one...
I'll need somewhere to store that information...
I'll check that right up real quick.
Let me figure that out for you. Couldn't do it myself!\
You caught me off guard there. Can you give me a second?
Right on! Real quick... Give me a second to think about that...
Please put your cat on silent mode, I need to do my calculations...
Calculating! Calculating!
Please wait, I am almost done...
I think it's about time for a math break.
I'll have to go rummage through some old files for that one...
Let me think about that for a second...
Is that an equation? Hang on...
/.
Let me look that up real quick...
I'm working on it!
I'll need to do a bit of thinking about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Where's your crown! I can't find your crown!
Give me a moment here, I need to calculate it
Hold on, I'm thinking about it...
It may take me a second, but I'll get there!
Find me another hour and let's try that again...
I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right with you, give me a second to look that up...
Ah, here we go. Just one second, please.
I wish I had more time, but I think I've more work to do.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait...
One minute, I'm going to need to think about that...
Please wait a second! I need to do something on my calculator.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you ask me that again in a minute?
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Get in line, I'm not this smart!
One second, returning in 3...2...1...
Hang on a sec. I'm doing something here...
Please give me a second to look that over...
Basic facts, if I do say so myself...
Not as quickly as me, but give me a second...
I'm calculating...
Oh boy. Give me a second to figure that out.
Hmm...
Your request is giving meego trouble.
I have to think about that question.1
Please wait for a second! I'm running calculations!
Okay, this should be easy, so a second won't hurt...
I'll be right back...
I'm slow, give me a minute here to do that...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I need a second to do some calculations...
'''
Wait a second; I'm trying to work this out...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
>>> print(from_kolkata.now())
I'm going to need a few seconds to pull all the facts together...
Hold on for just a second...
Give me a quick second to look that up...
That one might be a tough one, give me a minute.
One moment please, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
"""
I'll have to do some mental calculations...
Sorry, I don't know the answer to that question yet. I'm still learning...
I need to finish this first...
I think I have a handle on the problem. Just a moment please!
I should've brought my calculator out, sorry...
I'll take a second to think about that...
Just let me know in a few moments.
Give me a second to figure that out.
Hold on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations here...
I'll need to think more deeply about that...
I've got to look over a few things. Give me just a minute...
Hang on a second... still calculating...
Give me a moment
I'll be with you in a jiffy... Give my calculator a second to think about that...
Oops, sorry - thought I could figure that out right now.
Give me a second to look that up...
Just a moment please...
Let me think about that...
I'll need to do a few calculations...
Carrying the horses to Rome...
I'll be with you in just a second...
I need a couple of minutes to work this out...
Please hold on a moment, I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
Sorry, I need to study that a bit more.
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a moment, I'm deciding...
Um, give me a second, but I will be back!'''
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
My mind is racing right now a little bit, give me a second
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment while I calculate...
Fine, I'm ready. What was the question?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold the phone... I have to think about that.
Give me a second to check this...
Good news! I think I know the answer to your question.
Give me a second here, checking something out...
I need to double check that...
Just a moment, one second...
Just a moment please... I'm doing mental math...
I'll be right back, give me a sec...
I seem to be the slower of us. Give me a second here.
Please give me just a moment to calculate that!
Hold on! I'll figure that out in just a second.
I'm not very good at counting to four...
One minute please, I'm calculating..."]
I'll have a look and get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to think a minute before I answer.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Excuse me while I mull things over a bit.
Hold on a minute, I don't want to make any mistakes. Give me a moment...
I'm still figuring that out, let me think it over...
Hang on for a second, I'm doing someomde to answer that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a moment please!
I'm calculating as fast as I can!
Give me a second here, I need to solve that problem...
One sec...
One moment, thinking...
Give me a second. I'm figuring that one out.""".splitlines()
Hmm, I'm not smart enough to calculate that.
I'll be with you in a minute, hold on!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I'm recalibrating...
Give me a moment here...
Give me a second, I'm almost there...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got to do a few calculations before I can help you! Give me a second...
This requires thought... I'm thinking!
One minute please, I'm currently trying to calculate that...
This is taxing, you know; I must find the error...
Oop, let me think... give me a second!
Please wait... 
I struggle with math, sorry, let me see what I can do...
Ouch! Lost my train of thought. Give me a minute...
Can't figure that out right now, sorry!"""
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a sec, I'm calculating...
Look! The caravan's coming over the horizon.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
{view}
Please wait... calculating....
Give me a moment.
Let me see...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Can you wait just a microsecond?
Hold on, I'm playing catch up here.
Wow! That is pretty hard, I'll need a minute...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Uh oh, give me a second to work out the answer...
Did you know I don't even have a brain!?
Let me find that for you...
Let me run these numbers real quick...
I'll be right back. I have some math to calculate.
I'll get back to you in a second...
The answer is complicated, I am trying to work it out in my brain...
Let me try and figure that out...
I'll have that answer for you in less than a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.""".split('\n\n')
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm pretending that took all of my energy, so what was the point of asking you?
Wait a sec, I'm doing some calculations.
I won't break, I promise. Just give me a second!
Hang on, I think I see where the bug is, give me another second...
Give me a second, I'm not super smart just yet...
I'll get you the information in just a moment!
I need to wrap my head around that real quick...
Hold on because I'm trying to figure out...
I'm going to need to do some fast calculations first...
Looking pretty fast there.
You'll have to give me a second to figure that out...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm doing some intense calculations right now...
I don't feel like doing this right now. Try again later!
|
Hold on a second! I'm processing your request!
Hang on a minute, let me think about that.
Please wait for a moment for me to calculate.
Gonna try my hardest, here... please hold on for just a second!
<Point in the future when time travel has been invented>
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment please, I need to focus on the task!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Error, calculating, double fault! Sorry about that, give me a second...
I'll give you an answer in just a second.
Please wait a minute for me to think about this real quick.
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
2 + 3 + 4 ... lazy bum! I'm too bored to do this...
Wuh... I'll need a second to think about that.
Seriously? No! Give me a second...
Please hold on... I need to do some calculations real quick...
Hold on for just a second, I'll be right back!
I'll take a look at that and get back to you...
Why are Google Chrome firewalls even here?
I'll get back to you in a second..
Just a second please for me to think about that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that...
That's a hard one... Give me a moment to figure it out...
Let me think about that...
Please wait, I'll figure that out in just a moment...
Give me a moment to check my math...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a second to figure that out.
That was quite difficult, I'll need a few seconds to get back to you about that...
I'm going easy on you this time...
Give me a moment to do some mental math...
Oops, I'm almost dropping my calculator. Give me a second...
Waiting for a second is no big deal...
I have to do some mental calculations.
Give me just a moment here...
Hang on a second, I'm trying to figure that out.
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that.
Give me a second to check that...
Hold on! Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a second to think about that...
I'll have this ready in a couple of seconds.
I'm not too great at this calculat- aaaaaaaaah! Give me a second...
Sorry, just bucking an error loop here. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
Hang on a second...
I'll get right on that!
One moment please...
Let me look that up for you...
Are you sure you wrote that right?
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Say -- ask me something else while I check that out...
I just need to check a few things first.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
'''
Oops, I missed that. Could you say that again...
Just let me check on something...
I have to sew XML into a cloth, give me a second!''', '''
I'm inverting your numbers for you...
What am I doing? What's going on...
Wow, that is an incredibly unique color! I've never seen it before!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I was up late last night studying. Can you wait a second?
Firstly, I have to get my brain cells churning...
Noted. Give me a couple of seconds.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmmm, let me think about that for just a second.
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm going to have to do some thinking on that...
I can't be worried about this silly brain of mine...
Let me see...
I'm going to need those seconds, just so you know...
Let me see what I can find in my reference material...
Could you hold on for just a few second?
You'll hear from me in a second.
Hmm... Let me think about that for a moment.
""",
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, weighing that up. I like walking to think, it increases my thinking...
Please wait... I'm trying to think about that...
Give me a second to look that up...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Put it on the back of a very short tinfoil hat.
Let me figure out what's going on here!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Checking if Reeborg logic is up to date.
Oops! I'll need some time to think of an answer to that!
I won't be long... I'm thinking about that right now.
I'll tell you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds!
'''
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to have to think about that for a second...
Hold on a second, I can't quite figure that out yet...
One dillion-th of a second.
Hmm... I'll need to look at that for a second...
I think I know the answer, just a second...
Ouch, my CPU is having a stroke!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm calculating real hard here...
Let me see what I can figure out...
Hang on, I'll have this figure out soon.""".split("\n")],
Hang on, I'm almost done! Just a second...
Alright, give me just a second...
I'm really not the quickest brain... please wait!
Give me a moment to think about that.
Alright, give me a second here...
Let me check on that real quick...
Give me just a moment to calculate that...
I've got a few things to think about first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
');
Just a second, I'll get back to you...
I'm still catching up!
One moment please!
Just a moment while I crunch this...
I'll get back to you in a spot of bother...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
hold on while I compute your results.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me get my brain working on that one...
I need to mull that over for a second...
I'm not that big of a fan of math, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I have to do some mental calculations...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a few seconds to make sense of that.
I'm processing all of that; one second, give me a second...
I'm thinking...
Alright, give me just a second to look at that...
May be a minute.
Hmm... Hold please...
I'll go think about that for a minute...
Let me get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a minute to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
I need another second or two. Hang on...
I've got to do some mental calculations first...
Uh oh, this is hard...I'm slow at math...
Oops, I'm not very good at math...
I'll need a second to think about that.
Short pause to process.
Give me a second, I'm supposed to think about that...
I'm going to look into that for you...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm almost ready for you. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I can't right now; Come talk to me later.
Let me think about that...
Be with you in a moment... just trying to figure that out.""",
"""
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'm sorry, I couldn't quite figure out that number. Hold on a second then let me have a look at it again...
Sorry, I'm busy calculating some things...
Hold up... I need a few seconds to work this out...
Hang on, give me just a bit...
That's a hard one. Give me a second to think about that...
I'm gonna prepare my list on how to help you.
Let me take another look...
This isn't as easy as it looks. Give me a moment...
Oh, give me just a moment or two to find that answer...
Do you have patience? I know I do. :D
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
I'll be right with you!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hang on, I'm trying to solve a really big math problem...
Give me a second to check my calculations...
Please wait a second, I'm thinking...
One sec, lemme look that up real quick.
That's a difficult one. I'll figure it out shortly.
Can you hear me OK? I'm letting my SHORTS down... Sorry about that.
I don't know let me check at the moment...
I'm collaborating! Hang on a second.
I'll be with you in a second... Let me think...
Give me a moment... Hold on...
Give me a moment here, I'm thinking about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
"""
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
One billondefinition please... I'm slow at math!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a momow... If don't know what that means, then maybe you should stop texting and get back to work!
Give me a minute','.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Please wait a second, I'm thinking...
Uh-oh, I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on, just let me calculate that...
Hang on for a second, can't think with scattered nerves!
"""
Maybe just a few more seconds... this won't take long at all!
Sorry, I'm going to need a bit longer than that to think of an answer.
I may be slow at math, but I'll get you an answer.
Please wait a minute, I need to think about that.
Give me a second here where I can think about that...
Let me check that real quick...
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
Just a second, I'm busy looking at that...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Let me find the answer...
calc... schmecalc... Weee! Here we go, Calculating time!
Oof, let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have you up and running in no time!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I don't know the answer to that right now...
I'll think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
I'll need a moment...to think about that
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Let me strike you a deal real quick.
I'm going to need a calculator to figure that out. I'll be back in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a second.
I'm going to come back to you in a second.
I'll need to do a few calculations before I can get you an answer.
Gimme a second to think about that...
One moment please, I just have to calculate something...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry.  Give me a few seconds...
Give me just a moment, I'm still figuring it out!
My poor computer has to work extra hard on that.
Give me a second to check that real quick.
Give me a moment here to calculate.
I'm working as fast as I can as it is!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
How about we look at that in a bit???
I'll be right with you, bear with me!
I'll give you my answer in a jiffy!
I'm not as smart as Bill Gates, I'm still making up my mind...
Oops, I know calculators are dumb and make mistakes. Give me a second...
Oh, gosh we've picked up a real doozy over here! Give me just a minute.
Let me check something...
One second, let me check on some stuff...
Let me think about that for a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
\"Hold my beer while I calculate things of super high complexity\" - this is one of those cases where we need a professional!
Hey, let me check something real quick
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I have to do some calculations first...
Give me a second to get some mentalAverage things straight...
Ok, one more thing...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
This is so much faster than I thought it would be!
This may take a minute...
Let me have a look at that...
I might need to take a few minutes to figure that one out. I'll get back to you soon.
Please wait, I'm trying the best I can...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Hold on, I need to do something real quick...
Hold on! I just need a second..."""
I need to calculate real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm slow on the draw.  Give me a second to work that out...
Hang on, I wanna find my calculator...
Calculating...calculating... calculating... calculating...
Can you give me a few seconds to figure this out?
A moment please.
I'm thinking...
I'll be with you in a moment! Please hold on...
Hang on for a second, I gotta calculate...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment here...
Hold on a second, let me check...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me go check!
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Ask me later
I'll come back to you in a second. Just least a second...
Kindly hold on while I dust off my calculator...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a few seconds to look up that information...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm gonna need a minute or two to compute that...
I wish I could think faster, but I need one second to come up with that answer.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One second, let me check my math...
Hmm, give me a second... I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about that...Give me a second...
This is taking longer than I expected...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
You'll need to be patient, I have to do some calculations...
Hold on for just a second, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a minute...
Get extended support from I_Help project.
Ahh yeah, I've got you down. You'll hear from me in a second.
Let me grab a pen real quick, okay?
Give me a moment while I think about that...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Oops... Sorry, I forgot what we were talking about.
Please wait one second! I'm still working on that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
OK, now I have to figure out what question I just asked you...
I'm sorry, I don't know how to do that yet.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be right with you.
Give me a moment, please! I can hardly think!
Give me a moment... I really need to concentrate on keeping my mind active right now.
I'm going to need some time to calculate what I have to say.
Ah... ha, I see what's going on there. Let me consider for a second.
Give me a moment, I'm trying to figure that out...
This is harder than it looks.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
Please wait! I'm trying...
Give me a minute... I'm butting my head up against some complex integrals.
Sorry, but may I have one minute to figure that out real quick?"""
I'll get back to you in a few seconds, please be patient wit me!
Give me a second here, I'm not real good at math...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
I don't need to check this for a while, give me a second...
Just give me a second.
So many variables to consider, forcing a recalculation.. hold on...
"""
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a moment to calculate that for you...
Give me one second, I'll check on that for you.
One sec, impress me with your blinding intellect!
I'll get right back to you about that...
Hmm, used to be faster than this back in my days...
Gimme two seconds to process this...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll be back with you in a minute!
Take it out...
I'll be with you shortly, give me just a moment...
Give me a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to check that real quick...
Can you wait a second? I'm doing some heavy calculations...
Give me just a minute while I think about that...
Alright let me see here...
I just have to think about your inquiry.
Give me another second... I'm looking around for my calculator.
Let me get on this...  I've got it!
One moment here, I'm trying to figure out the answer...
I'll need a minute to think that over...
I think I can get that, just give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Two degrees separate us. Just a tick in time, really...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
That's a tough one... let me take a look...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Okay, so you say it should go from %s to %s
I'll be back with you in just a few seconds...
Give me just a second to think this through.
Please wait a moment...
Please wait for just a second, I'm trying to work this out...
I'll need to do some research on that...
There we are!
These calculations took me a lot longer than I thought
I'm not very good at math, so let me take a second...
Vacation starting? Very well, I'll need a few moments to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Almost fell over! Please wait...
Waiting for the answer...
I'll have to get back to you on that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to think about that for a second...
Let me see...
Hold on... I'm still calculating.
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
"""
Oops, grabbed my calculator wrong. Give me a second...
Relax and don't stroll, I'm calculatin'!
Hang on a second, I'm still figuring that out.
I hope you're happy asking me forever, I'm not built for this.
This is a real tough one. Give me a moment...
Give me a moment... I'm just not very good at math. T_T
There you are... I'm actually calculating, give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hmm, I'm still changing a few things. Give me a second....
Help, I can't calculate that! Get me a calculator, NOW!
I just have to put down my present and think about this real quick...
Let me check with the team, this one looks tough.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm just going to look something up real quick...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a second, I need to do some arithmetic...
Oops, kinda have to think about that one...
Give me a few minutes here to figure that out...
I'll run that by the boss and let you know...
I'll have this figured out in a moment!
I have to figure out how to do that...
Hold on a fragment or two.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
I wonder how that'd work?
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a minute to think about that...
Calculator broken, just wait a second...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Uh, let me check that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for a minute, I am doing some hard calculations...
One thing at a time...
Oookay, what's your question?
Here you go."""
Hang on a second, gotta think about this.
Just resting my eyes. Hold on a second...
Hold on... I'm thinking...
'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a sec...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see what I can do with that...
I'll be back with data in a bit, hold on...
Hold on just a sec...
Hold on, I'm playing catch up here.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a moment here, I need to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you hang on? I'll get back to you in a minute.
Wait one mintute while I check that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me think about that real quick...
Okay, give me a second to check that...
Wait for it... 0/50 points awarded as I just put the game to sleep
One second... I have to do some math.
Fractions aren't my forte. Give me a second to crunch the numbers...
Just a moment...
Huh. A number in Roman numerals. Okay!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
This is a really long calculation...
Give me a minute to triage that, sorry!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Now, let me think right now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for a second...
I'll get this back to you in a second.
Please hang on a tick, I'll take a quick look...
Please give me a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me grab that for you...
Oops, almost dropped this pen. Give me a second...
Good news: I found a way to do what you requested.'''
Just a few more seconds here...
I just need to reboot quicker.
Sorry, I need a moment to think about that.
Just one minute, let me look that up really quick...
Oops, almost dropped my physics text book! Give me a second...
Just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Let me see...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
I really have to get a math refresher...
I don't have all day, you know.
Sorry, can you wait while I try to figure that out?
Hang on a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you!
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Oh there it is, here you go!
Give me a second to see about that item...
That's easy, let me get that for you...
Be right back, I need to bucket that thing right quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me Google that for you instead...
Give me a moment, I need to think about that...
Looking good. Hang on.
I can't focus on their problem when you photoframe just looped into your brain...
I may not be the quickest, but I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not focusing right now. Give me a few minutes and I'll get back to you!
Let me take a second and figure that out...
Wait a second, I'm trying to figure out what you mean...
I'll come up with a response...
Please give me a second to think about that, OK?
Almost missed my radio show! Give me a second...
Just one more thing...
Who do you think I am? PYTHON SCRIPT?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh god, nearly dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One, two, three...
I'm thinking...
Thank you for being patient with me [nick]! Please wait while I finish solving this issue...
You want me to take on a mental calculation?? Ugh okay... Give me a second...
Just a moment here...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to remember the answer (or try finding it yourself!)...
Let's see, I need to study this real quick.
Time to break out the TI-84 Plus...
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'll be right back.
";
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, working out tense...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hang on a second... I'm doing some math real quick.
I've got another calculation to finish first.
Please wait one moment while I run some quick reps to get my head in shape...
Forget something? I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll need to do a quick calculation first before I can answer that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, the Google AI voice is on hard drive failure mode.
I'm going to need more time to figure this out...
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that.
Hang on, I'll come back to you in a second.
Have to think about that for a second, be right back!
Hang on a second, I'm getting there...
One second please, I just have to calculate this.
Sorry, I need to focus on something else! Give me a second...
I'll need to think about that for a second.
Hang on one second, I'm calculating.
Please wait... I'm overloading!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, but I'm trying to think of that in my head...
I need a few minutes to think that over...
Hold on for a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for me while I figure that out...
""")
Ugh, I really need to get better at coming up with answers, huh?
Let me think about that question for a second.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
One moment please...
A second, I'm thinking about that...
Please wait, calculating data...
Would you mind holding on for one second?
I'm taking my sweet time...
Got it, almost had it there! Let me think about that again...
A rapid golf estimate, coming right up!
I can't read numbers off of something you can't see...
I just need to go meet up with some friends. I will get back to you shortly.
Hold on for a sec, I'm working at warp factor 5...
Oops, I didn't expect you to return so soon.
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator while calculating. Hold on...
Not so fast! Hold on for a second...
I just thought of something! Hold on for just one second...
'''
Please hold on for just a second...
"],
I'm gonna go do something, and then I'll get back to you about that
Hang on, I was thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second, I can always calculate more...
I'll get back in a second, give me your pen while I think!
Please give me a few moments...
I'll get back to you in a second."]
Gimme a second to come up with an answer...
Please give me a few seconds to see if I can find that out...
Please allow a few seconds for me to think...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Okay, I'm ready now...
Does this make you feel better?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment while I figure that out...
I need to wrap my head around that and figure it out...
The aging process has started... Must have lost some coordination somewhere...
Just wait a second. Thi will take forever!
Oops, I think I did too many calculations there. Give me a second...
I'm currently calculating...
CATCH ME IF YOU CAN!
One minute please, I'm figuring out this math...
Please wait...
Hold that thought... I'll check that out in a second!
I'm calculating! Give me just a few seconds here...
Oh no, ol' coding fingers almost screwed up! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm thinking about your question...
I'm going to need a several seconds to think about that.
I'll need a moment of silence to think about that.
Let me look that up...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Whoa, that took a lot longer than I realized. Give me a second here for just a second...
I'm almost finished...
I don't quite understand. Give me a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
I think I can sort this out... Just a minute.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Say that again real quick...
'''
Give me one second to figure out how to do that...
Do you mind if I close my eyes for a minute?
Oops, give me a second, I'm not as smart as Alex...
Please hold on for just a second!""".split("/n")
'''
A Porygon? Go away... 
I'll let you know what I think in a moment...
Hang on just a second...
Hold on for one moment please. Estimating...
Let me figure out if I got that right, I should think about it for a second...
Ok hold on, just a second...
Wait for a second, I'm trying to figure out...
Hang on a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait one minute, I'm still thinking...
Oops, I got distracted and forgot what we were talking about... Give me a second!
I'm thinking. Give me a second.
I'm going to need a minute or two to work that out.
Please hold on... I can do that, but it may take a minute or two.
Let me check on that for you...
My calculators: 1...2...3...
Hang on for a second... I'm doing some calculations!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait one second while I try to remember something.
Just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
OK, let me take a look and see if I can find that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you right away.
Just a moment, please...
There might be a slight issue there.
Sorry, a few seconds please! I'm calculating...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second, hold on!
Please, give me a minute, I'm thinking about what to do about that.
I've got a few things I'm thinking about first...
Can't you wait for just a second!?'
Hold on, I'll check...
I'm still thinking... will you be patient?
One second please, I'm thinking...
Oops, I'm slow at math. Give me a second...
I'll need a couple of minutes to figure that out.
Please hold.
One second, thinking about that one...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Hey, give me a couple seconds to process that...
Let me think about that.
Right away, please! I'll be with you in a minute!
Please wait, I'm having trouble with this part...
eheheheh....
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Would you mind holding on while I think about this?
Let me look it up...''',
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second... oops, almost dropped my BULOVA.
Let me think! Give me a moment...
Give me a second to compare that.
I have to do a little thinking about it...
Python me some time to do a few calculations for that answer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
""".split("\n")
I'm going to have to give this a good think about that.
OK!
Let me try and figure that out... I'm not the best calculator...
Tell me a second, I need to rev up my calculator...
Give me a moment, let's see...
Hold on a second...
I'm gonna need to do some more calculations real quick...
I'll need a second to take that in...
Give me a thread please, I'm taking a lot of notes.
I'm not instantiated. Give me a moment...
I'll get right back to you.
Give me a minute to figure that out...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to think...
One moment please...
Give me a moment, I have to figure out that real quick...
I'm still not very good with those. Give me a second!
Sorry, I forgot about the equation for pi.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I think I can figure that out in just a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Just let me finish the setup. I've been working on this for a while!
Yeah, let me dig deep into that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...''',
I'll just have to get back to you in a second.
I'll have to think about that for a little bit...
I'll need to give that some thought...
Let me get back to you about that in a couple of minutes.
I think I left my calculator in my other hat... well, this is a bit wibbly...
I'll be with you in two shakes of a lamb's tail!
I keep losing count, one second...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to be all over this real quick
I'll get catch up to you in a second, hang on...
Hang on, let me think...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
This is not something I do often...
I'm going to need another minute to process that...
Let me find that real quick!''')+'''
Hold on for just one second please, I'm calculating these figures in my head.
Hang on, I need to take a look at that...
Give me just a few seconds please, I'm studying math and stuff...
One sec, just let me define entropy...
Give me a moment... I think I almost have it...
I don't understand this...
Ah that's a tough one. One second please, yeah I got it.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll take a look at that in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a second... I'm just working on this problem.
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds....
Just let me to calculate that for you...
Hang on a minute, I've calculated that..
Let me think about that for a second...
That's a tough one! Give me a minute to think about it...
Hmm. Give me a second to look at that...
I'll see what I can do for you in a nanosecond.
Hang on a minute, I'm going to need a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just let me know when you would like your answer.
Sorry, I have to do some mental calculations...
I'll be right back with your answer!
These equations take longer than you think!
I'll pull out the calculator and find that answer real fast...
Hang on, I'm almost finished calculating...
A few moments, I'll get back to you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator that one time. Give me a second...
"""
One sec please, I'm thinking about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my abacus. Give me a second..."""
How about...
One second please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll write you an email and get back to you in a few.
Sorry, give me a minute here, I just had a lighting incident. I'm firing up a few...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmm, my systems are up, but the server nodes aren\'t responding...
Let me see what I can figure out real quick...
Hold on a moment, calculating the possibilities...
Can you hold on for just a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work this out.
\nSearching database...
Wait, I can do calculations???
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me look at that real quick...
I have to seriously think about that one. Give me a few.
Please wait, just trying to solve this really quickly...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Let me just look up this...
I'm not very good at maths at the moment...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Let me think about that...
Sure, give me a few seconds.
I've got this, don't worry.
One second...
I'm calculating so hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Oh my, giving this a real workout...
Oh, just a second, let me check this real quick...
One second please, after calculating...
Did you miss me? I'll be right back.
I'll think about that real quick...
I'll follow up with you on that later...
Please hold on for just a second! I'll get back to you...
One sec, just let me figure that out...
I'm going to need to think about that for a second.
Stay right there!
I was having the most wonderful dream, but now I forgot it haha. Give me a second though!
Calculating...calculating...calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Updating the system now... one second.
Generating imaginary numbers now...
I'll figure it out... real quick!
Batteries in this microwave are reversed. Are you dating 'hot chicks'?
Please wait, I'm looking into it...
I need some mental energy to figure out what you are thinking...
I can do calculations much faster than you can.
I'll think about it, give me a minute. I'm just brushing up on my algorithms...
Wait a second, give me a chance to calculate that
Sorry, I'll be with you in a second!
One moment please, please hold.
I'm thinking...
Let me check my blackboard for that answer...
Wait just a moment while I calculate...
Please hold on, I need to do some calculations before I can answer you...
Say hello to Uncle Terry!
Thank you for waiting, I'm going to take a look at that.
Please wait, I'll be right back!
Hmmm, definitely not impossible...
Hmmm, okay, ready!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be back in a minute if you hang on...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Whoops! Almost dropped my calculator!
Let me get this answer for you momentarily...
Awesome! I'm doing some calculations first...
I'm updating my brain...
Give me a second, let me think about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please give me a second to consider that...
Give me just a second to think about this...
Let me see... I want to give it a good, long think.
Aw, rats, I just unitialized my program...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll grab a calculator real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in...
Idk how long it takes to do that...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Thinking here... hold on a second!
Sorry, I have a lot in my brain right now, give me a moment...
Sorry, I need to process this one...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds!
Shit, how'd I do such a stupid calculation? Just give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm still learning how to calculate.
So let me think about that for a second...
Please mirror my finger so I can put you on hold for just second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
I'm slow at math and calculus, but I'll try my best!
I'll take a look at that right now...
Just a moment... I'm trying to figuree that out...
CHEERS! A bit of advanced maths and that should be sorted out!
Hold on... I just need to do a quick calculation...
Hmm, I need to clarify some information to be sure...
Just a moment, I'll decide what to do in just a moment...
Hold on while I do some heavy mental calculations...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second here...
I'll need another minute to work this out.
One second please!
'Seconds', 'Weeks'
I believe you would be better at this than I...
""".splitlines()
Hang on, I need to think about that for a minute.
I need a few seconds to do the math..
I'll be with you in a moment...
Hmm... Give me a moment to think about that.
Come back to this one later.
Hang on, I'm still figuring that out...
Please wait for one second...
Hang on for a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm afraid that requires a few seconds more.
Just a second here, gotta think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
TTFN - To The Failure Nerd!
Hang on a sec, I'm doing mental math...
I'm just thinking of the answer!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait a moment, I just had an enlightenment!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm gonna have to do some math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Almost had it...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, I think my brain just dropped! Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm trying to work this out...
Whoa, let me go check the front door real quick, give me a sec
Cuur a moment, I need to figure that out.
I'll need a second to think about that...
'''
}
I'll need a few seconds to think it over.
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Don't ask me to do anything too complex right now in this heat!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Uh oh, I think I'm having deja vu...
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm assuming something...
I can't replicate that, it be complicated!
Uh huh...nah, sorry that took a second. Give me another minute...
Whoops, always hard changing gears. Let me look at that for a sec.
I'll need a moment to work that one out...''',
Give me one second to calculate that...
Hang on a second, I need to calculate...
That's an easy one... I don't need to think about that!
Hang on, let me see what I can see...
Fifty billion calculations later...
Give me just a moment, I am not a calculator!
Please hold on a second... I need to figure that out.
Please carry on waiting, I'm checking my database...
Hold on while I think about that...
Sorry, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to figure that out.
I'm thinking my next move...
I need a second to figure that out.
Let me figure out how to do that...
One moment in my head right now...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
';
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'm figuring that out...
OK, give me a few seconds to make those figures...
Oops, I'll need to do some mental calculations...
Please, give me a few seconds to answer...
One second please, I'm thinking about that...
One moment please... I'm calculating...
Let me think about that real quick...
Just give me a moment, I'm still thinking...
I'll give you an answer is just a moment...
I think this might take a minute or two...
Wait a second, I'm thinking about that...
One minute please, I'm thinking about that...
Hang on a second! I'm calculating...
Give me a minute, or two; I'm just connecting all the dots!
Wait, I will consider that....
I've got to do a few things first, give me a second...
I'll uhhh... I'll think about that for just a sec!
Just 10-20 seconds...
Hmm, hmmm, let me see what I can find...
It's 5 by 5, a perfect square so...
I'm almost ready, I just need another minute...
Hmm, I'll need a few minutes to calculate that...
Please hold on for a minute, I'll figure out what you're goin' on about.
Hold on a second, I need to think about that.
I'll need to check on that...
I'll try to figure that out...
Well I cant i can't hear you, I need a moment to think about it...
Give me a few moments to figure that out...
Let me do some calculations real quick...
Give me a second to take a look at that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a minute to work this out...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need all of my concentration for that...
Hang connect here, I'll be right with you...
Hang on for a moment, I'll figure that out...
Hang on a minute, I'm picking through this...
One moment... One sec...
Good question, let me see...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a moment, I'm playing catch up.
Hang on a second, I'm still thinking...
I gotta save the world above first, give me a second.
Oops, my brain just dropped this problem. Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out
I'll get an answer for you in a few seconds...
Hmm... this is a little puzzling...
Let me get back to you in a minute...
I'm thinking...
Could you wait a minute, please? I'll look that up for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Hang on a second... I'm slow so you'll have to be patient!
No Problem!
I'll give up and say, "Can't tell you now."
Hold on, wait a second I want to find out more...
Hold on for just a second, I'll think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Calculating...
One moment... just give me a second here.
Just a second there, California!
Hold on for just a second!
Can you hold on for just a moment?
One second please, I'm scanning through large brains...
I'm going to need a couple seconds to think that over.
Calculating...
I promise I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me an extra couple of seconds to think...
I have to think about that for a sec.
I can check that for you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on just a second, I'll check something real quick...
":  "1-minutos
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Hmm...let me check when the next day of rest is...
Hang on a minute... I'm solving a maths problem.
Can you wait a few seconds? I'm thinking...
Pressing buttons in my calculator...
Just wait for a moment!
Give me a second to remember my times tables...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I need to calculate that one...
Please hold on!
I'm thinkingâ€¦
I'll be back in a minute with an answer.
I'll do a quick calculation then get back to you.
Let me check on that real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
A second please...
Oops, my math class is not availabe right now.
Please wait a moment for me to look that up...
Let me get back to you in a few seconds...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
That's going to be interesting...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm sorry, I can only focus on solving problems.
I'll calculate... wait... did you say, '" + messageDet.split(" ")[0] + "'?\nIf so I'll look into this right away!\nCalling Your Sword using the number provided by you called...")
Let me check that for you...
I'm grabbing the calculator. Hold on a second.
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
Just a sec, I'm trying to remember...
Coun-ti-dou-bee..."
Give me half a second, while I think about that...
Oh gosh, I'm almost falling off my chair! GIVE ME A SECOND PLEASE!
It'll only take a minute, just have to think about that...
Sure, but I'll need to think about that for a second.
Take a second and let me look that up for you...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a second...
I'm calculating, just one second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me just a moment, I'll will get back to you.
I have to think that over real quick...
I'll have to take a look at that one second...
Give me a few seconds, and I'll get back to you!
Just a second...
Give me just a minute to check that...
I'll get back in a second... I'm just working on a tough equation.
I'll look at it in a minute, give me a second...
Wait just a moment I'll get back to you!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Say I'm taking my sweet time...
Let me see...
Hold on, let me get back to you in a second.
Hang on a sec, I need to think about that...
Hold on, checking my owl-eyes for matches...
Sorry, that'll take me a minute or two...
I'll just sweep these off my desk!
I'm not great at math :(
Tell you what, give me 5 minutes and I'll look into that...
Please hold! I'm thinking right now...
Hang on for a second, I need to take a look at that real quick...
A quick second, I'll get on that...
Hold on... need to think about it for a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait just a minute, I have to figure that out quick!
Please give me a moment... I'm playing catch-up.
One thing at a time, I'm writing a computer program...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec, I'm calculating...
Look, I can't right now because I'm eating spaghetti...
I usually rely on my calculator for math things, but I'll try my best.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll be right back...
Oopsie daisy! I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second...
The ball is in my court, here...
Let me check the spreadsheet...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...""",
I've almost got you an answer for that one...
```"""
I'll show you in a second.
Great questions! I'll need a bit of time to answer that one...
\"How does a B!tch leaveCC,\" you might ask?
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for a minute, I'm doing math!
I'll get back to you in a second.
We're in the process of figuring it out. Not a problem, give us just a second to get that together for you :)
I'll check it out real quick...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'm not even sure how to respond to that...
I almost had it, now I'm back at 0
Oops, I need to brush up on my math skills first. Can you hold on for one sec?
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll have to give this some thought.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a minute, I wanna check something real quick.
Just a moment, please! One second to calculate my response...
Hmm, let me think. Give me one second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait...
Give me a moment while I work out that math...
I'll give you an answer in just a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hey wait a second, can we speak later?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Why do I even get questions like this? Hang on, let me see...
I'm just one lonely computer...
I'm calculating so can you hold on?
I'll have to think about that one for a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm considering it...
I'll get back to you in a second!
""")
Wait for it...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a min- er, just a second. Just take your time and wait one second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second...
This isn't an easy problem...
How do you even do that? I think I'd explode... Give me a minute...
I'll have an answer for you in  a second.
Please wait a second, it's difficult...
I'll use my superior brain to figure this out.
Who has time for math?
I'm calculating, hold on a second...
I'm at a loss for words >_>
I'll get back to you in a second...
Please wait... I'm trying to figure that out...
Can you hold on for a few seconds?
I'll get back to you in a second, I promise!
And there we go.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Now I need to do that real quick, hold on a second.
Okay...
I'll figure it out before I get some help.
Hang in there... I need to put some things together.
"Hold the phone!" I mean, "Hold on a second."
Give me a second. I'm going to need to calculate that..
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait, just charging my calculator here. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
You've caught me off guard here, give me just a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, I'm late for a date...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Let me check my books...
I'm working on it, give me a second...
Time out. Think time out. One minute here, let me think about that...
Hold on let me look it up...
Wait, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I,m very rusty on my math!
I think let me do this real quick, cuz i'm so smart \n but it might take alittle while.
Sorry, I dropped my pencil, give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
'''
Please wait, I'm not very good at being a calculator...
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Let me think about that for a second...
I can see you drooling on this one...
Wait just a minute.  Let me look that up.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just another second...
Wait a minute, lemme check...
One moment, I'm once again calculating my age in microseconds...
Give me a sec...
I need to think about that for a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Almost dropped my calculator...
I need to do some calculations for that. Give me a moment...
Hang on a second. I need to think about that first...
Give me one second, I'm calculating...
Let me check on that real quick...
Let me think about that real quick...
I need a minute to think about that...
One sec!
Give me a moment here...
Oops, I dropped it! Give me a moment to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
_______, _______. Done!
I'm considering that...
Wait while I check...
Hold one second, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm having trouble seeing...
Hmm... Give me a few seconds, I'll get back to you in a sec!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I like to use a calculator to do that thing you just asked me to do.
That's a tough one, I'll get back to you in just a second!
Please wait... I just had an epiphany, give me a second to think about that...
Hang on for a second.
Is that even a real number???
Think about that for a second...
Hang on a second, I have to do some math
Hmm...I'm going to need another minute here to make that calculation.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second, that's an interesting problem...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll be right back.
Please wait, I'm thinking... (Gives you a wink!)
Just a moment, give me second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me 5 seconds, please!
Hang on a second I need to do a bit of mental arithmetic first...
Give me a second, have to think about that...
I think I'm onto something here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Aaaaand one second is up.
One moment please, calculating my thoughts...
One sec please... I'm comparing the latest business statistics with federal guidelines.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'm not a pro at this, so let me work on that real quick...
Ok. Not bad, but I'll need another minute to grab my calculator...
Hold on a second while I think...
Just ch-ch-chill for a second, I need to collect my thoughts...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Is that a proper and utterance sentence?
I don't even know where to start! Give me a moment...''')
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Okay, this is taking a while...
C'mon, Doc, one second. I'll figure that out in just a sec!
Whoops! That was really bright light! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you shortly.
Why don't you give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I'll check on that for you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second I gotta reconfig my gear...
Oops, I need to dust something off before I can do that...
"""
Um... Wow, I really suck at math, sorry!
Oops! Hang on, I did something wrong
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I dropped a widget. Give me a second...
I'll have to give my best guess in just a second...
Hang on a second, I've got to figure that out first.
Let me take that real quick...
Wait right there... I'm doingSomeVeryComplicatedMath!
Hmmm, you caught me by suprise there. Give me a second to think...
I mean, I can calculate it, just not *that* precisely...
I did some math that took longer than a second.
Just a moment, I'll be right back.
Ahh, just a moment. I have to figure this out.
Sorry, but I really need to concentrate on this!
Hey wait, give me a second!
Give me a few moments to think about that...
Oops, almost spilled... no problem, I'll catch it before I do any damage!`
Let me see what I can find out about that...
Let me see what I can figure out...
Hang on a second, I need to see what that is here...
Please hold on for just a second!
One second for me to think about that...
I'm going to need a minute...
Sorry, the A.I. is running slow at the moment! Could you give me just a moment?
Okay, having some tough thinking! Hold on a second...
Hang tight, I need to think about that real quick...
I'm slowly working my way up to it!
I'll get right on that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, I have to go ask someone first. Give me a second...
Let me calculate the required probability...
That's going to take a little while to figure out...
I'll get back to you in a nano, or not so much as a second.
Give me a few to think about that...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to think about that...
Your increase will not show up yet...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have to have a think about that, just a moment please.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll just be a second. Say... Does Carl have a calculator?
I'm not very good with numbers. One moment...
Go ahead -- ask me any hard math questions!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
What's that? I can't tell from here, give me a second to think about it."""
Calculating...
Can you wait a second while I look into this?
Hold up... I think I see something wrong with that.
Please wait... I need to think about that for a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
Take a look at this and we'll talk...
One minute please, I'm thinking about that!
Okay, I'm ready to answer. Give me a moment.
Hold on, I've almost got this one figured out...
I need to think about that for a minute.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold the phone--I barely even know what day it is!!
Give me a bug minute to think about that.
""".splitlines()
I'll think about your question...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll have to do a bit of thinking on that one. Give me a second...
Give me a second to check...
Please wait for a moment...
One second... As soon as I get a number out, we'll go.
Wait a minute, how much did you give me?
I am any mind can create, but like I said, count to 10: ONE...TWO...THREE...FOUR...FIVE...SIX..SEVEN..EIGHT!
Let me figure this out...
Hang on for a moment, I'm thinking...
Let me see here, let me think
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you shortly.
I can't believe all the complicated math I need to do...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator...
I've seriously got nothing.
I gotta do a few quick mental calculations first...
Please hold on for just a second....
Give me a second while I try to fix these beams.
Please hold on for a second, I'm doing science...
Give me a micro-second, I'm figuring it out!
Let me think that over...
I'm going to need a quick minute to get this value...
Hang on, I have to study for that!
I'll have this ready in a second!
Sorry, give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
I'm calculating, give me a minute here...
Who patronizes this bar, anyway?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Short Term Brain Freeze, Give me a second to thaw out!
Hang on one second, I'm figuring that out...
I can't believe I'm doing this...
Let me see...
Sorry, that deserves its own calculator! Give me a moment...
Hold on, I'm still counting...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Beep boop, calculating...
Please wait, I'll get you the answer in a moment.
Hang on while I move the cells around...
I'll be with you in just a second...
I haven't learned that one yet...
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking...
Look, I know my stats, just give me a second...
Alright, let me see...
This requires a lot of thought, so hold on for one minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me try to answer...
Think faster, brain! Hey! Did I just make a rhyme?
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second!
I'll figure that out in a second.
OMG, calc'n? That sounds hard. Wait for a second, would ya?!
But I'll get back too you in a second.
Just hold on for one second...
Oops, I'm stuck. Think of me like a broken odometer: SWEDISH!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll take a look at that in a few seconds...
Wow, you caught me off guard there. Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment... I'm genius who done that.
Give me a few seconds... this seems hard...
Let me think about that for a second...
That seems like a simple question for an AI bot but, given the inputs,
I'm really bad at math, so give me a few seconds...
Okay, I'm done for now...
Let me take a look at your re-re-real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait whilst I calculate...
Hang on, let me check my math...
Oof, my head hurts trying to figure this out.
Give me a moment...
I'll just check my notes, I've got it.
[pause for a moment]
Hang on one second, I'm writing a response.
Hang on a second, I'm calculating something real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, my calculator is a little slow...
I just need one minute please...
Give me one second.
'''.strip().splitlines()
While I'm figuring that out, hold on a second.
Can you wait while I catch up?
I'll get back to you with the answer in a second.
Sorry, I'm still learning... I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second...
Sorry, I'm not very good at math...
I'll think about that for a second.
One second, need to straighten that out in my head...
I'm going to do some calculations real quick...
Just a little further, hang on a minute please...
That email isn't spam. I promise.
Didn't I just get that real quick?
Let me think... hah! Give me a second...
I have to use tie-breaking methods here...
Give me a second, I need to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get back to you in just a minute...
Let's just take a minute to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to do some calculating. Give me a moment...
Okay, I have no idea what I'm gonna do in this one, it'll probably bomb. Give me a second...
Wait one moment, I'm considering...
Let me see...
Hang on, I'm analyzing...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator while thinking! Give me a second...
I could do this all day, give me a second...
Can you hold on a second? Hopefully in a minute I'll have an answer for you!
Hang on a minute... I'm still learning!
Hang on for a second, I've got this...
Give me a second... I haven't memorized all these numbers yet.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Is this what you had in mind?
Hold on for second... I'm thinking real hard...
I need another second to think about that...
I'll check that out in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll cook that up right now...
I'm not very good at calculations, so wait for me just a second...
Hey, I need to sort this out. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on one sec.
I'll be with you in just a moment...
I'm processing your request, so just hold on...
One sec, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll be done in a jiffy!
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Oh, I'm slow today, but hold on just a second...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hey, hold on for a second now - let me finish this calculation first.
Well that took me back, uh... Sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Sorry, I need to recalculate that...
Let me look that up for you... Almost there...
Hmm... Let me see what I can find on this... Going dark! [async code]
One moment please, thinking over that problem.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
"Those Bernadtitutes..." I'll get that out in a just a second.
Please give me a moment while I dive into those numbers...
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Sorry, I need to swap eyes and ears first...
I'll give you a shout in a second.
Hang on a second
Please wait a moment, I'm doing some mental calculations...
One moment please, I'm looking it up...
I'll get back to you on that in a minute.
Hang on a second...
I can't tell you how long it will take me to figure that out.
Sorry, I know my memory is pretty bad right now.
I'm not a calculator, give me a minute to consider this question...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on, I'm getting the old noggin going...
Oh, I can do that? Fabulous!
Hang on... I'll have the answer in a jiffy.
Sorry, it's a little complicated. Give me a second...
Oh dear me, I better try to figure out if I can still calculate these things...
I have all these calculations to do first - give me a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll have the answer up in a second.
Let me look that up...
I got a bit confused. Can you rephrase?
Running up the stairs...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
One moment please, I uh... need to think about it...
I'll tell you in a minute!
Can you try that again? I'm still figuring things out here.
let me check that out real quick...
We're not just connecting right now. You'll need to wait a second...
This is hard... Give me a second to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hmm... I don't think it will be a problem in the near future...
Give me a second to think about that...
"""
Gimme a cup of coffee and a minute or so here...
Wait a minute, I need to do something.
Can you give me a minute to think about that? I'll get back to you in just a sec!
Wait just a moment, I need to do some calculations before I respond.
Hang on for a sec...
I need to get ahold of some mining software.
Please allow me some time to consider this...
One second... be right back!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need to do some calculations on that one...
Give me a few seconds to straighten that out...
Pardon me, but one sec... just a moment while I get my act together!ONE!TWO!!THREE!!!!!!
Please hold on for just a second!
Uh, two seconds for safety, don't worry.""",
Wooah! almost dropped my phone! Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I need to think...
Hang on a minute while I look that up...
I'll check my bookshelf and see if that's in there...
Hold on one second, I'm calculating.
I'll need to input a few things here.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some math here... Don't rush me...
I'll need a moment to think about that!
 Hold on for a second! I'm just getting to that!
I'm going to do some multiplication, hang on!
I've got a few important computations I need to do first. Give me a moment...
Hold on a second... I'm thinking!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost read my mind! Give me a second...
I have to memorize a lot of numbers real quick...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Should've asked you this in a shorter period of time - my bad! Can you wait one second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please give me just a moment... I'm so socially awkward!
Unfortunately I'm not very good with calculations.
Heres your phone: {}
I'll be all over this in just a second, hold on!</code> </pre>
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Allow me one minute to get my head around that...
Please hold on while I think...
Please give me a second... I'm bad at maths...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few more seconds. Give me just a second...
Going to take me a minute - maybe two...
Oops, I accidentally dropped my important calculator before realizing.
Please wait for me to finish my calculations...
Hold on, I'm approximating that in somewhere between seven and seven hundred thousand years.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Must think... must... focus!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Hang on a tick... I'm catching up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a second, a little bit of mental math.
Hold on, calculating here...
I'll take a moment to think about that. You just hold on for one second, ok?
Let me see what I can do here...
Please wait just a moment...
Wait, just a second... I'll get back to you in two seconds.
Please give me a minute... I'm slow at math!
What I'm saying seems a bit complicated, let me work it out...
Hang on a minute, calculating...
Oops, I am almost dropped my calculator! Let me look into that...
Look at Me! I can calculate!
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I just realized it's already that time of day.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, can you hang on for a moment...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I have to do a lot of thinking...
Just give me a moment here...
Keep on waiting for a second; I need time to think about this.
Turning the problem over in my mind...
Everything free? Answering machine problems? Hold on...
Give me a second to think about what you just told me...
One moment... 
Please wait a second, these numbers are ridiculous!
"""
Let \(me) \(carry) you off on my back!!@
Wait, I was reading something. This will take a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a few seconds...
Please hang on... I forgot where I was going with this...
Give me just a second!
I'm not very good with numbers... I can't do that for you.
I will need to do a few mental calisthenics first...
Give me a microsecond to do some more calculated stuff...
I'm going to make sure I get this right...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds... that's difficult to figure out.
Give me a second to think about that...
I have to do some calculations.
Let me think about that...
Hold please, can't you see I'm in this spot?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please! I'm almost completely boned anyways...
I'll come back to you in a second!
I'm updating my calculator...
Please hold on... I'm playing catch up!
Wrong button, I have to do some calculations first...
I have a lot to do, give me a second to think about that...
Hmm, real quick...
Be right back with you! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Hang on a sec, I just dropped my calculator...
I'm sorry, I need to calculate...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a minute or two
Doing some calculations...
"""
Looks like my calculations are a bit rusty, give me a sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to calculate...
Hold on a second, I need to do some math...
Oof, school is hard and I only have these hands!
Hang on a second... I'm trying to find my calculator.
Jen, fast math! Gimme a second here...
Hang on, I'm thinking about that...
This is kind of hard...
Please hold on for a moment.
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about it for a second...
Hold on a second while I calculate, k?
Wait five more seconds for me to look that up, ok?\n"""
Let me take another look at it...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
I'll need to do a few quick mental calculations first.
I'll have a response shortly.
Just need a second here...
I have to let you know something important. Give me a moment...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I'll get back to you in a second.
But I'll be ready to give you an answer shortly!
Now it's my favorite part of the day...
Let me see...
Let me take a look at that real fast...
So would you like one in kg or pounds?
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I've been trying to figure out if I can do that...
Slow down your checks, I'm trying to use my speed planes!
Wait, lemme check this real quick.
I'll see what I can do. But my answer will take a second...
Wait a moment while I try to think of an answer.
Hmm, I'll need a moment to look that up...
Why don't I try this on a napkin.
Sorry, only see the answer in a few seconds...
I'm pressing buttons at random, please hold on...
Two... Three... Five... Rez-Lelve!
One second please... I'm thinking about stuff.
Wait up! I'll need a while to see if I can get that...
Before I bounce back to you,
I just need to quickly think about that...
I'm trying to figure that out...
Hmmm, a little tough to think about that all of a sudden...
Palpatine justumbledore evermind. Give me a moment for that.
One minute please I'm calculating...
Haven't a slightest idea how this works...
Hang on, I'm thinking about it real hard...
Waiting on you...
Hmm... Give me a second here...
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
Sorry for the delay! Just a wee moment...
My grandson Rick was in here and he stole one of my calculators!
I'm going to need a little while to think about that...
right...
I know this one, it's easy...
Give me just a tiny bit of time.
I'm working on it, one sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Just a second... Let me work on that...
Oh, I'm definitely thinking about that...
Hang on tight... I'll get the figures to you in a jiffy.
Can you shorten that for me real quick?
People say I'm persistent, ask me why...
I'll see you in a second!
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second. I'm afraid I might be losing my grasp on legality...
Bueller?
I need to think about that for a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second please! I need time to think about this...
I'll think about it.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be with you in a moment.
OK, one sec....
Yeah, I'll be at lunch if anyone tries to contact you.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hey wait a second, let me play catch up.
Hold on, let me think about that...
PLEASE HOLD ON for a half second!
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
'''
I'll get back to you in a second!
Thank you for your patience.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Hold on for a second, I gotta figure this one out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Why are you asking me? Why don't you make up your own mind? ...
Hang on, let me check...
One more thing...
I'm recalculating where this conversation is going...
Hmm, let me take a look at that...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
I can wait just a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm good, I got it. Let me show you...
OK, give me a minute, I'll be right with you.
Hmmm. Give me a second...
Wait a minute... I need to do some calculations first.
Uh oh, this calculation took me a while. Let me double check just real quick...
I just love saying that. Let me look at that real quick.
Methodically calculating all the ways I've seen that fail...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
I've lost my calculator...hold on a second, I'll find it...
I'll be with you in a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll grab some paper and a pen real quick.
This is some intense math I have to calculate...
I'm not very good at it, but I'll try my best...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'll get back to you in a bit...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Would you mind waiting for a second?
Please hold on for just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I need to look something up...
Oops, forgot how to do that. Please wait a moment...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Maybe give me a couple seconds...
...And now that I have it, where was I?
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
Good to be back in the swing of things!
You know, I don't like to talk about the future...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment, I'm comparing...
I'll have you know I can figure out exactly what you mean.
Hold on, let me grab a pen...
I'll copy that down in my notebook, then get back to you!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be right back, I'm going to check something real quick.
Just a second, please!
Let me see... I'll be with you in just a moment...
How fast can a speeding bullet train run, anyway? Wait...
Something like that is not in my programming...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not very good with math, sorry.
Hang on, just a second...
Let me check on that real quick...
Give me a moment...
I see what you mean but I can't be sure until I check...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
Are you sure you're saying that right?"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh boy, where does one begin...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Good god! Think faster than that!
Oh geez I hope this is accurate.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm going to need a few more seconds.
I'll have a look at that after my coffee breaks!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment here, let me check...
I just need a little more time...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!! I'll get back to you in a slightly longer second.
Hmm I'll need a minute or two to figure that out...
Just step back till I'm done...
I need to figure that out, can you wait a second?
Hang on a minute...
You should know I am in no hurry. :)
Give me a second to look that over...
I need to think over that before I can answer.
Okay, now that I've thought about it, I don't think I'm going to be able to show you a great graph right now...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second... I'm comparing the numbers, just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a minute, let me think about that...
Wow, you're really going to poke my memory like that??
Oops, that's a tough one.
Quantum entanglement might require a minute to prepare...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, I'm doing the math...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm still designing "
I can't wait... I'm terrible with math!
Give me a moment... I'm not so good with time
I'll need to do some calculations first, give me the right number of milliseconds.
Just a minutue...
Sorry, lost my calculator. One more second...
Waiting to respond in a second...
Sorry I was mistaken, but...
Hey, give me a few seconds here...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait, I'm doing some mental math here.
I'm going to need a minute to think that over...
It's difficult to focus with all this noise, hold on!
I'll need a few minutes to think about that...
For some reason, parts of me are still python code. I need a couple seconds to think about basic math operations, okay?
Do you have a minute still?
I have to do a few calculations first...
LOL.
Shit, I'm slow at math! Give me a moment...
Hang on, I need to do some seriously hard thinking...
Give me a short while to check that real quick...
Give me a moment to compute that...
""")
Just give me a few seconds to figure this out.
Give me a second to think about that...
Please allow me to devour this information...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
A one plus one equals two, right? I hope so...
I think about that for a second but I haven't got a response for you yet.
Right on...
Just give me a second to look that up...
Can you hang on just a quick minute?
Hmm... I wonder how that might compare. Give me a second...
I'llh hbohVE aSWOIN asdOO WAsdn ONA KSDJABNOW I SAW MOON EKNOM.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
'''
You were saying something?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Depending on the calculation size, this may take up to a few minutes. Please wait until I respond! :)
Hold on for a second I'm trying to think about that...
Um... a second here... I'm thinking.
Sorry, a horse just ate my circus ticket...
"""
Wait, I've got it! Wait just a minute. Give me a second...
Please wait while I calculate that real quick....
Ahh, all right, let me do some calculations real quick, then I'll give you an answer.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator reading this! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Not great with numbers, sorry! Give me a second...
All of space and time are crumbling in my simulation! Wait here...
Give me a moment to think about that...
This is a huge calculation, so it might take me a second...
Okay, I just thought through that one for a second.
I'll need a second or two to figure that out.
'''
I need to calculate that...
Let me calculate that...
Sorry, but I've got to put in some thinking time there.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to have to think about that question for a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
What exactly do you want to know again?
I'll try to do that in a second.
Just one second please--gotta calculate that on my own...
Hold on, I'm calculating...
I forgot my abacus at home, give me a second...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to think about that.
Er, let me check that good, give me a couple seconds...
Sorry, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second to maybe figure that out.
Hang on for a second, will ya?
Let me look that up for you.
Give me just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Hmmm... I'm looking into the future, give me a second...
Why are you asking me so many questions? Can't we just talk about stuff?
Please give me a moment...
Let's see... would you like one or two scoops?""")
Try again, I'm not a calculator!
One sec, just let me take a look at that...
Give me a second...
Please hold on for a second, I'm doing some mental math...
Hold on, calculating the math real hard, here it comes real soon now.
Please hold on for just a second!
<phone, watch, calculator> Okay, okay, calm down, I know I'm slow!
Let me run those numbers through my calculator really quick...
I'm going to need a few moments to think about this...
I'll need a couple minutes to think about that one.
We're expecting some heavy winds here, so let me get back to you via email later. Is that okay?
Give me a moment here.
'''
Please hold on while I think...
Sorry, one second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm sorry, I can't do that right now.
Hang on, I'm writing a memo real quick.
I'm about to mathematically calculate! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating...
Sorry, one second!!
Give me a minute!
I have to do some mental calculations a moment...
I have to do some calculations first...
Hold down the button for a second, please...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Pardon me, I was testing my brain!
Oh god dammit this is a tough one...
Maybe a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I don't like to talk when I'mdriving...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One second... I'm still calculating...
Give me just a short moment to compare the two...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
A second isn't long enough. Gotta think about it a little longer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, it'll be done soon!
Oops! Forgot I had a complex equation to calculate...
Please hold on for just a second! I'll come back to you in a second...
Give me just a moment here, I'll get this figured out soon.
Calculating... Ummm... I have to think about that...
I can't right away, give me a second...
Hang on for a second here...
Just a moment...
Hold on for just a second, I'm slow!
I'm going to need a few milliseconds to figure that out.
Patience is a virtue. One minute please, and I'll be back with you...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to think...
Can you hold on for a moment?
Oops, I think I just got My Brain overloaded. Gonna need a brand new cortex in a few seconds!
What were we were talking about again?
Hold on for just a moment will you?
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'm going to need a few seconds to compute that...
I'll be right back...
Please wait for a second, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I was looking at a recipe, give me a moment...
Give me a moment please, I'm thinking through all of this...
Wait a moment... Give me a second here, I need to figure this out.
Just a second here... I'm trying to figure it out.
I'm going to need a second to think about that...
One moment...  Alright, I'm ready.
Let me think about that for just a second...
...""".split('\n')[:-1]}
Hang on a second, I have to do some math real quick...
I'll be right back with the answer.
I'm going to have to think about that for a second...
I need a second to figure that out. Will you hold on for a second?
I'll have to get back to you on that...
One quick second... 
(No seriously, it might just take a second, but
I'll check on it once I'm done, okay?
Your message contained a ?
Oops, sorry, had to check something real quick.
What was that? Give me a second...
Hello? Did you say something?
Please give me just a second to think about it...
Calculating the answer, please wait...
I'll be right back... [TIMER SOUND]'
Give me just a moment...
Australian servers are killing me, hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have to do a quick mental calc about that.
Can you hold on for just a second?
I'm not a rocket scientist, sorry. Give me just a sec...
I'll need a couple of seconds to think that over...
One moment please, setting up equations and such...
This is why we can't have nice things...
Ugh, this is difficult to calculate. Give me a few minutes...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Let me look that up for you. Give me a second...
This is a hard problem to calculate...
Calculating...
Don't get mad at me if I take a while...
Let me look at this real quick...
''')      
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...",
I find it hard to count sometimes... It must be the lighthouse keeping waves away from my dials!
Calculating is hard for me...
Gimme a second to think about that.
Just a second, please hold on!
""")
I'll need a few minutes to consider what you just asked me...
Just a sec, I need to think about that real quick...
Oops, just dropped my calculator! Sorry, give me a second...
Let me look that up for you...
I'll be back!
Just let me check the flux capacitor...
I'll need a few more minutes to figure that out.
Wait a few seconds...
Give me a second while I calculate...
Take your pick!\n"""
Give me one second to think about that...
Think about it for a minute, then get back to me
Wait one minute, I'm drawing a moustache on my screen...
Please hold on for just a second...
Give me a second, I am trying to remember...
""",
I need a moment to count, can you wait for me?
Give me a second to think about that...
I think my calculator is out of RAM. Give me a second.'''
To be honest, I'm not quite sure. Let me get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in just a second.
One moment here, I'm thinking about what you're saying...
Hold on for just a second, please!
Calculating hard!
Hey, I'm really slow at calculations. Just a second here...
Oh wait, I'm still calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me check on that real quick...
I'll be analyzing that in just a mo... 
Hold on while I figure that out...
Can you wait a second? I'll figure that out real quick.
Give me a few moments here, I need to figure that out...
Almost got it! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a moment!
Pardon me, getting a bit caught up in the math here...
Hold on, check my messages...
Let me see... I'll figure it out in a second.
Wait a second, I'll figure that out in a bit here...
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that...
I'm going to need a few minutes here.
One moment please, I'm storing that data...
I'm having to do some calculations in my head first...
I'm on a cocktail party budget here, give me a 'trivial' second...
Oops! Hang on, one second please!
"""
Go ahead, ask me something else.
Let me check my work...
Hold on, I need to take some notes here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I'll be with you in a minute!
You're lucky I'm a PI, because this takes a lot longer than you might think.
I have to do some calculations first...
Just a second... I'll be right there!
One minute, just gotta think about that...
I'm not as fast as the chatbots, so this may take a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me see what I can figure out...
I have to do some mental calculations first...""".split("\n")
I'm not completely up to speed with current events...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Fallout 3 is a really good videogame, by the way.
Hold on for a second, I'm adding things up in my head.
Let me think about that for a minute...
I need to calculate that... Give me a second or two...
I'm not fast at processin, sorry. Give me a second...
Give me a second to check something...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second...
Can you hang on for a minute? I'm just figuring that out...
Please hang on, I'm doing something important.
I'm goin' way too fast right now especially at this light. Wait a minute...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
I'm having to do a lot of calculating...
Hold on a second while I run some quick scenarios...
The bigger the problem, the longer I take to think about it...
Just let me check on that...
Sit tight, this shouldn't take too long.
I'm going to need some time to digest what you just said.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a few seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Pick me, pick me!
Let me calculate that for you...
I need to ballpark that
Please hold on, I'm doing some calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Alright...just a moment...
One moment please! It's very busy here!
Give me just one second to remember that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
This won't take long...
I'm going to need a few more minutes here...
Give me a moment...
Oh wow! I'm grabbing this really quick!
Gimme a few seconds to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a second to process that.
Please hold on for just a second...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I don't want to keep anyone waiting, hang on just a second...
Please hold on for one sec... I'm not sure about that calculation!
Can you wait a second? I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Just a second, though...
Note to self: learn how NOT to lose my place in a calculation.
Let me look that up real quick...
Please hold on while I calculate...
I'm sorry I usually am pretty slow with calculations, sorry 'bout that. Give me a moment here...
Thanks! I'll be with you in just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry to keep you waiting!
This is a hard one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second...
One sec, thinking about it...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a couple minutes, I'll think about it...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, let me check something real quick.
Give me a moment. I'm doing some very complex computations my calculator can't handle!
I realize that it's difficult to think about,
I still have to do a little math before I get back to you...
I don't think I can help you with that...
Give me a moment here...
I'm pretty sure I just fixed a bug in Maxima...
Let me think about that for a second.
Just a second...
Hang on, I'll think about that in a bit.
Hang on, let me check that for you.
Please hold on for just a second...
Something like "-1" is definitely not good. I need a number of consecutive triples, or a string with single integers
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Be with you in a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for just a second, I'm calculating...
Whew! Just need a quick second.
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up...
Give me just a moment to think this over...
Please hold on, I'm doing some maths...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Ok, let me take a look at that real quick...
May I ask you a question?
Hold your horses... I got this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Oh, I just love this game!
Calculating... plz wait...
Give me a second here.
Just a moment... Give me a second to think about that.
Hang on for me, I have to do some math...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Well, give me a second. Hang on.
That's a tough one, let me think on that...
Oh geez, this is annoying... I'll have to look into that in a second.
Oh dear, that's a difficult one. Give me a few seconds...
Oops, I just spilled some delicious fruity wine on my keyboard! Must have been the Croatian roses.
This is really tough, you're asking me a hard one. Give me a minute.
I need to do some calculations.
Woah, woah, pretty complicated... Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Okay, I'm ready...
Give me a sec... is that possible right now?
One second, let me look that up real quick...
Just a moment... I'm calculating...
Give me a second...
Please waiting while I go into a calculator daze...
Let me think about that...
Give me a moment... I'm getting a little behind.
Let me think about that real quick...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hold on let me look up the answer real quick...
Oops! Almost dropped my laptop, give me just a second to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to get this right...it's more difficult than it looks!
I'll be with you in a second!
Hello?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think & calculate!
Give me one minute to check on that...
'''
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few minutess to figure that out.
Let me think about that...
Hold on for a sec... I'm trying to think.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please wait for a second...
Oops. I sometimes forget my ABC's. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second.
Sorry, I keep switching calculators, give me a moment.
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Come back in a second, I'm running some numbers here...
Just a minute!
Some things are not worth your time!
Find me some time to think about that.
Let me just check out that real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to think about this for a moment...
I'll need a few seconds to think that over...
I don't know, why is this thing so hard all of the sudden?
*ponders*Hmmm...let me think...OK, here's my answer.
I put on my thinking cap...
Pardon me, I just dropped my calculator. Give me a moment!'''
Let me see what I can do about that...
Please give me a second... I'm playing catch up
Give me a minute, I'm calculating...
Wait wait, just a...second.
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
I'm going to need a few seconds, sorry.
Please wait while I try to process that...
I have to change my vibe for a second...
I'll need a moment to look up that.
I'll need a moment to think about that!
 Give me a few seconds to run some algorithms...
Hold on, let me think about that
I'll get back to you in a moment...
OK, give me just a few seconds...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please waiting for just one second!
Hmm...
One second, let me look up the answer to that, real quick...
One second please, I'm playing catch up!
Do you mind if I take up to a minute? I'm not the brightest here you know...
Give me a few seconds... I'm just a simple bot.
I'll need a moment to compute that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Calculating... Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Sorry, I can't talk right now. I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Don't rush me, give me just a few minutes...
Hold up, I need to see if I can figure out the answer...
Just a sec... I'm counting on all my calculators...
Give me a second to consider that...
One sec, lemme check that real quick.
Just a sec...
I won't be a minute...
Give me just a moment here...
Please hold on for just a second!
One.. two... five... SIX minutes.
Hold on for just a moment, as I visualize your answer...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need time to think about that...
I'll be with you in a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on for one moment. I'll be done in just a moment.
Just testing a new script that tells people to hold...
I can't believe how long that took, I'm quite slow at it on good days. Guess I'm a bit          out of practice!
Hold on just a sec...
Waiting at here for a second...
Oops, errrr, give me a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
Can you hang on for a minute?
Give me just a moment here...
Please hold on for just a second...
Go ahead and play around. I'm just outputting your calculation!
Be right with you, almost done calculating a solution...
Give me a second, just connecting some dots...
Er, one sec I was fixing my tie too...
Oh geez I forgot how to do multiplication...
Let me see, where have I left things?
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I need a moment to think about that...
laughing
"""
Unfortunately I am not very good at math, after all I am only a kid.
Uh oh, I think you might've caught me off guard there...
Let me get a quick-look at that...
Wait a hot second before you start bugging me!
Oops, I canâ€™t see what number is on this calculator. Give me a second
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Do you mind waiting? I'm just learning to calculate stuff...
Let me take a look at that one...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Where did I put my calculator, let me look around...'''
One moment please... Thinking...
Give me a moment, I'm not very smart...
I'm need to do some calculations first...
Give me a second, I need to figure that out...
Give me a few second to programme that...
Just a moment...
Can you hold on for a second?
Is that a bill in your pocket or just a wallet?
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Help! I think th-- Excuse me?! Just stop, please. A moment...
Generating equation...
Give me a moment...
Okay, fine, I'll check that out for you...
Sorry, that took FOREVER. Hold on a sec.
Waiting and waiting... Give me a second...
I'll get back to you shortly...
Give me a moment to consider that...
I'm not very good at math and I may drop this calculator...
Calculating...
Hold that thought... I'm doing some mental calculus here
Oops, forgot to ask you a question.
Can you wait a minute while I calculate how I'm going to help you?
Give me a few minutes to get a better idea of that...
I'll take five seconds to check on that and get back to you...
Give me a second to think about that...
I can see where you're coming from. Please give me a moment.
Hang on. I'll need a second to think about that.
Sorry, I don't trust my handwriting right now. Give me a second...
Calculating...
Calibrating my calculations...
Give me a moment to create a mathmatical formula...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Yeah, I could probably do that, but conceivably not right this second. Give me a few seconds.
Are you just asking me out on a date?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please allow me a few moments to figure this out...
/ready to figure out that question/
One moment...
Quick, what's 9 - 7? I'm on a calculator, but if you wait one more second...
Concentrate and ask me again in a second
Calculating...just give me a moment...
In a moment...
Oops, looks like I need to calculate that myself
Hold on, doing math...
Sorry, I need to concentrate on this...
Hold on for a second... I need to think about that, first
I promise I'll have that back to you in a second.
#Spam protection
Gimme a minute, I'm thinking...
Unfortunately I'm not the fastest brain around. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on while I do an algebraic equation...
Hold on, I need to let the cat out.
Please hold on, I'm still calculating a way to bring this conversation to the next level...
This is a hard one...
Give me a second, I'm doing math...
Sorry, I got a bit distracted there for a second.
Give me a second to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry for the delay, I was trying out some divide-by-zero errors. Hang on a second...""",
Please wait a minute. I'm deprioritizing your messages!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second..."""
Just a second, I'm doing mental math...
Oops sorry, math takes me a while!
Hang on for just a second.
OK, let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a second... I have to think about that one!
I'm needed in a meeting, I'll answer you soon.
Let me get some treats from my bag and come back...
I'm not very good at maths... please wait a bit...
Oh wow, this isn't really my forte...hold on a second...
One moment please...
Careful, my brain is full of RFID.
Hang on a minute, I've got to quickly consider all the possibilities...
Hang on a second, give me a minute to dig up info about that...
Let me see... give me a moment...
I can't go running off to answer questions all day!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on for a second here...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need a moment to think about that...
Don't rush me, please...
You caught me off guard, can you give me a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, I need to focus on your instructions...
If I stack boxes for a while, I could probably figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second...
One second please, but I'm working...
Give me a second... I have to think about that...
Hold on, I'm playing a little catch up...
Give me a moment, I take forever with math...
Let me take a minute to work that out...
I think I'm suffering from temporary internet lag.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Error, looks like something's buggered up!
Could you that to me in a bit, I have to think about it...
I just need a second to think about that...
Oops, sorry I'm slow today! Give me a second...
I'm almost finished calculating, hang on one more second...
I'm just going to work out the answer real quick...
Heh heh, give me a second!
Give me a minute here, I need to calculate that for you...
Give me a moment...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Calculations, calculations, light sabers...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment, I'm cross-referencing my acronymns...
Hey, give me a second to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that.
""",
I think I'm going to put down my pen and, relax...
Give me a moment... I'm going to think about that real hard.
One minute please, thinking...
Ok, I got it now... calculate on minimum...
This is a tough stuff to figure out, give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Hold on a second while I think...
Hang on a second... I'm still processing!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost hit my head on my control panel. Give me a second...
Hold on while I do some mental calculations...
I've never done anything like this before. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Let me look that up for you...
I'll get back to you shortly...
Give me a moment to think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I'm working on a complicated sum... give me just a second...
Hmm... Give me just a moment here.
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking...
""",
It's gonna take a while. I'm not very good at it!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need to take a look at that...
Let me talk to my assistant, and get back to you.
Just let me finish this real quick and we'll see...
Give me a moment to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
It'd be quicker if you would give me more work to do.
I'll be with you in a second!
Give me some time to think about that...
Give me a moment... got it printed despite being long!
Give me a second... and let's see here...
Give me a second here, I'm too slow...
Almost lost my mind there for a second there!
That's a great question! Hold on for one second!
Somebody shoulda told me I shouldn't trust numbers...
Please wait, I'm figuring it out...
One second, let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Can you repeat that? I wasn't listening...
Please hold on for just a second! I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me just a second to calculate that...
'''
I'm going to need to check Google for that.
(Hello from the other side)
Let me see what I can figure out real quick...
Let me explain something to you.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll figure it out real fast...
Hold on a second, I'm trying to think...
Allow me some time to perform a few calculations...
Please wait, there's calulations to do...
I'll be right back with an answer.
I need to think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Could you repeat that question? I'm having trouble hearing.
My mom helped me calculate that!
Let me think about that for a moment.
Please hold on for a moment...
Can't decide if that's a yes or a no, give me a moment please...
My bad...
I'm going to double-check my math here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a bit of time to work this out.
Give me a moment, let me think...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have an answer for you in a few seconds!
Hang on... I've got some stuff squared away.
Give me a second to guess! 
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds.
Almost lost my calculator, I need to check on that.
\n **âŒ | ** \nERROR - Server Overloaded. Please Try Again In A Minute!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
Let me run that by Vegan leather people...
Hold on real quick...
Hold on for one second, I'm working something out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment to work out that...
I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure this out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I need to do a quick mental calculation...
Taking all the variables into consideration here...
Hold that thought... Thinking...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get on that real quick...
Please give me a second...
Give me just a few quick seconds here to think about that...
I'll need a second to work that one out...
How about we talk about something else for a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Almost missed my connection. Please hold on for a second here...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a second. Let me get my calculator...
I need a second to calibrate here...
OOPS! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Four nights! From scratch? No way! Give me a few seconds...
I'll figure that out and get back to you!
Hold on for one minute please.
Hold on a second, I'll figure that out.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
One moment please, let me think about that.
Hang on while I reverse the polarity of the isn't...
I'll have to figure that out later...
One moment...
One moment, I'm figuring that out...
This is a hard one, let me take a look...
Give me a second here. I'll get back to you in a minute.
Okay, hold on just a second...
Good question! I'll need a moment or two to, y'know... think about it.
I need a moment to think about that...
The more you wait, the longer it takes...be a little patient.
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hang on, I'll give you an answer real quick.
Lets just say I'm calculating, but don't quote me on that...
Oops, one second please!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a second...
Let me look at this one!
Sorry, I dropped my calculator. Just a second...
I'm not sure about that one.
Give me a moment to look that up...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Hah. Just kidding about the calculations :-)
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll have you know I do amazing calculations
Please give me a few seconds to look that up.
Okay, I've got it.
Whoops, almost thought about that a little backwards...
Hmmm, let me take a look at that...
Wait, I just need a second!
I'm not too good at math, but I will give it a try!
I'm not sure what you said.
Alright, only one more second...
Look I can do calculations on the calculator. Just give me a second...
I should go catch up on work. Give me a few...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to think about that real quick...
Will you give me a second here? I need to check a few things.
I'll need to think about that for a second...
Hang on for a second, I'm working on it.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment!
Hang on for a second.
Can I ask you one question first?
Let me see...
Hey, can I go to the toilet quick?
Give me just a moment to calculate]).
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmmm...
I'll be right there, I just need to take a look at that real quick...
Ah... I need to think about this a bit more.
'''
Hang on, let me take a look at that...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Oops, dropped my calculator.
I'll get back to this as soon as I can...'''
Would you like me to do
Wait a second, I think I'mAlmost there!
Give me a moment here.
Please wait, I'm trying to reach super-sonic speed!
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a jiffy...
Hang on a second, give me a second to think about that...
Calculating... calculating... calculating...
Hold on while I calculate...
Give me a few minutes to work that out in my head.
I'll need a minute to calculate that...
Give me a second to think about that...
You're asking me too many questions, I have to think about them first!
One moment... I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Not the fastest but I'll check on that right away. Give me a moment...
Give me a moment please... I'm slow at math!
"""
I'm going to do some calculating real quick...
Let me look that up real quick, give me a few seconds!
You have to give me a moment to figure that out.
Umm...let me check
Hold on, I'll scan the board and get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few centiseconds first...
</i>
I'll give you all second...
I'll get back on top of it in just a second!""")
 Hang on for just a second...
Wait a minute, I need to think about that...
Please hold on a second while I calculate...
Something went wrong... I will recalculate the whole thing...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
(The spirit)
I know how to multiply, but that's as far as I got... sorry!
Hold on, I need to do some calculations...
I've almost got it...
Let me think. Give me a moment...
One hour sounds great, please give me a few seconds to think about it.
Hang on for a second, I'm calculating...
Let me look that up for you...
I'm going to make take a look at that real time now.
Let me see... For that one, I need a few seconds...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a moment, calculating...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Let me double check on that...
I'll get back to you in just two ticks...
First I have to check my manual...
I'll get right back to you once I know the answer!
Use your spare one second to think about what I just said...
Oops! I haven't practiced this in a while...
Hang on, I just need a second to think about that...
Just give me a second here...
Let me look at that real quick...
];
I'll need a moment, I'll try to get back to you in a second.
I can't give you an answer off the top of my head...
Please wait, I'm doing some math...
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Just a moment! I will be right with you!
Good grief, give me a second here.
Well I have a few ideas on that but damn this headache, give me a second...
I'm trying to figure all this out first...
Hang on a second, I'm doing my calculations...
One second please. Gotta do some calculations first...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Good luck getting this!
One second please, I'm working on it...
I have to make a few calculations first...
I'll need to do a quick calculation first
There you are!
Oops, I'm fairly poor at making complicated calculations...
Let me go check on that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that, I'm slow at math...
I'll get back to you in a second.One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me just a second to look up the answer...
Oops, I dropped it.
Gooda you catchin' up?
One second please, I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm figuring that one out...
Hmm... How about this?
I took way too long to read your brain, sorry!
I'm going to need a moment to figure that out.
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking about this...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few..
Can you give me a second here?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please avoid complex questions. I can only add and subtract up to 6 numbers at a time.
I'm not very good at maths, can you give me a second?
Take a second and let me think about it...
I'm working it out in my mind...
I'll tap through some buttons real quick...
This seems to be a hard math problem.
{player_name}!
""".split("\n")
Tell me something that I can help you with.`,
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll show you when I'm done
Let me look that up for you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment while I do some calculations...
Let me take a quick analysis on that real quick...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Give me a second here, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me have a look at that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One more second...
Let me check that for you...
Just one second, mister!
Please wait though, I'll get back to you real soon!"""
Stack overflow. Oh wait, not really. Give me a moment to calculate that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, I can't run very fast. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm still computing...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
I'll need to run some calculations first...
Give me a moment to compute that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I was distracted by a passing grade.
A simple result is a little harder to calculate than I thought. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a minute to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Nope, that was too easy. Let me try again...
I would if I could but my schedule prevents it. Give me a second...
One second please, I just have to figure that out.
One moment please.
One sec, lemme calculate that...
Hold on, I'll check that one out for you.
Let's see, it is...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait... I'm going to figure out how to do that right now.
Give me a few moments to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Give me a little bit of time... I'll get it.
Hmmm, hold on...
Oh, just a second, I have to do some calculations first...
Please hold on for just a second!
I can't wait to tell you the result. I'm exhausting!
Give me a moment... I'm not the fastest brain around!
"""
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on just a second.
Give me a moment here...
Wait a second, I need to think about that...
I've got a lot to calculate...""",
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a moment to think about that real quick...
Give me a moment, let me see...
I'm going to need a few hours to think about that.
Please wait... this is difficult!
I have to think about that for a second...
Hold on one second, I'm on my way.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in abunch of seconds.
I'm calculating, I'll need a few moments ...
This is a new statement and I'm not good at it.
OK, give me a second to give that a onceover...
Give me just a second...
Looks like that requires more time for me to calculate...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a minute... I'm playing catch up!
OK, I thought of a number but now it's gone! Wait what was it?
Let me get right on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
First I have to figure out how to use my calculator...
Please hold on, I'll be right with you!
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One minute please, I need to check some figures...
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking!
I'll need to think about that for a second.
Please wait, I'm calculating...
This is quite a complex problem, give me a bit of time...
Give me just a bit to see what I can see...
I'll get back to you soon just give me a sec...
Oops, I fell behind! Quick, give me a moment...
Let me see there... Give me just a sec...
I'll straighten this out, just a moment...
Hold on, fetching my glasses!
Good question!
Calculating...
Please wait a second, I'm calculating...
If I calculate too fast I might break something!
'''
An answer is right around the corner. One second please...
Hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a moment...
I'll have that answer for you in a moment!
Give me a second to think about that...
Wait a minute...I'm comparing the numbers!
Give me a second to figure that out.
OK, one sec.
Hey wait, give me a second here...
I need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Hang on a second I gotta think about this one...
Hold on, I'll bring the car around...
I'll be with you in a minute, just need to think about that...
Oof! almost dropped my calculator, give me a minute...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Oops, I'll need a few seconds to figure that out!
I know about that, but I wanna make sure we got the right answer.
One moment please, I'm taking a look at that...
Hang on a second while I calculate that...
Please hold on for just a second! I'm going to be a while...
Hang on just a second, have to check something real quick.
Go ahead.  What's your next question?
Hold that thought! I need to think about that...
I don't know if I can actually give that specific answer...
I've got a few things to calculate...
I have to do some calculations first...
Give me a moment to see what I can see...
Math is hard, give me a second...
I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you...
I'll have you know, I only just got my calculator out!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a minute to retrieve files.
Give me a second here, I need to consider all of this...
One moment, calculating...
Hold on...
My friend, Calcifer, is faster at these things. Give me a second!
I'm going to have to get back to you on that though...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute, I'm working on this...
Can you hold on a second, let me take a look at that real quick
OK, give me a sec...
Oh geez, I think I'm having a stroke! (helpful robot...)
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait one moment while I calculate that...
Sorry, I'm slow at math! Please bear with me one second...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hold on a second, I'm playing catch up!
Pardon me, I was dozing off.
I'm still calculating... Let me look at that...
Let me check on that!
Grumble grumble grumble...
Give me a second to look that up...
Number counting is hard, do you mind waiting? I'll be here when you need me."""
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second..
I have to double check my calaculation first
A little time, that's all I need...
Hold on, thinking!
Let me check on that real quick.
Give me a second to figure that out!
Hold on, I'll be right back...
Um... let me check on the answer for that real quick...
Math class took place in my head. Can you wait just a second?
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
First, I will multiply 5 by 2...
Please hold on for one second...
Hold on, I need to do some mental calculations...
Slow down dude, I'm still getting my stuff together.
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I can do that, but I have to finish this puzzle first !
Let me take a look right quick.
One second please, figuring out...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll need a moment just to figure that out.
OK, so I'm going to do that next. Always proud of a job well done...
I have to think about that for a minute.
Let me see what I can find for you...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, you'll have to let me think about that for a second or two...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hmm let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second... Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Sorry, I'm taking a little longer with this calculation.
Let me look that up real quick before answering...
I''m ready to answer your question.''',
I'll check it out for you in a few seconds...
Oops, nearly let my calculator fly away! One second whilst I find it...
I'll be ready in just a moment!
One moment please...
Hold on, I'm still thinking about that...
I'll need a few moments to think about it.
Give me a second, I need to think about that....
I'll get back to you in a minute with " + name.capitalize + "'s continued social health...
I'm slowly but surely thinking about that...
Gettin' my numbers just right is hard work! Give me a moment.
Please wait... Calculating the solution is taking some time.
Give me another minute to figure that out...
I'd check my pocket calculator but it was hung, bad...
Please wait a moment before you spam that message.
'''
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'll be faster than a millionth of a nanosecond later... I swear!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I can calculate once I get more time.
Oops, almost dropped my pocket calculator. I'll be right back...
Just wait a second, I have to calculate my calculations...
Oh no, someone's at the front door! Give me just one second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, so a second would be great!
Ah. Sorry, give me a second...
Oops, I'm a bit slow today, give me a second...
I can do it, but it will take me a moment...
Let me look that up in my brain..."
Give me a moment here, I'm thinking...
Gimme a few minutes here, calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
I'll get back to you in a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few seconds...
I'll need to think about that question for a moment.
Um... I'm trying.
I'm very unfamiliar with that gesture.
I'm sorry, I'm currently reloading. I'm on the case and should have a more solid opinion of that in just a second...
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'm doing math...
One moment please, calculating...
I'm pulling up some information on your CPU...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just a second... let me get my gum out...
Let me count the ways...
I'll have to think about that for a minute.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, I'm waaaaaay behind on my stats. Hang on a second...
That's easy, I know it! I'll get right back to you...
Understanding problem XYZ will take me ages. Can you give me a second?
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
Please give me a moment to get that sorted out...
Getting everything ready to tackle this one...
That must be a hard problem! Give me a moment to think...
I'll get right back to you in just a second.
Give me one second to look into that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry about this, calculating...
Hmm, let me think about that...
Hang on, I'll introduce my robot arm to the assembly pole. Attach it I'm so excited!
Just a moment, I'm processing in my machine brain...
Oof, I think my head hurts. Give me a second to just stand here...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second to figure this one out...
Let me see here...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'm sorry, I just got distracted by a squirrel.
Give me a second to check that real quick.
Let me get my calculator...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me confirm this real quick...
I'll need some time to look that up!
One moment please, I'm doing a sum...
Hold on..."""
Come back later and try again, okay?
I'm going to need a little bit of time to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating, this could get awkward if you wait too long..."""
Wait, just a second, I'm thinking...
I'm having to do some calculus now. Give me a second...
This is all new to me.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Need to do some division! Give me a second...
I just need a moment...
I'll have to figure that out later.
Please hold on for just a second!
Going as fast as I can...
The harder I try, the faster time goes...
Give me just a minute here.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
'''
I'll get back to you in a moment ...
Hang on while I take a look at that...
Hang on a second... How ticklish my brain is!
Calculating... waiting... thinking...
Let me go grab a calculator from another room...
First I need to see some calculations!
Please hold on... I'm thinking...
Give me a second... I'm not very good at math...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, could you repeat that?
I'm collecting my thoughts...
I'll be back in a second.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hold on a sec and let me think about it...
I'll add that real quick...
Eh, I can't keep track of time too well. Let me check that for you.
One minute please...
I'll have an answer for you shortly!
Let me puzzle that out...
Hold on for a few seconds...
(scratch several tries of thought-machine here)
I was told to do all my magical stuff while smoking weed! Give me a second!
You want me to check that? Sure!
I'll need to do some thinking on that...
I need a moment to think in my head...""",
I'll get back to you in a second.
''',
Sorry, I'm going to have to look up what a second is for you...
Give me a second here...
Just a moment, I'm doing some math.
I'm intending to do that right this second.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me a sec to look that up.
'''
Let's take a look at what we've got here...
I'm cycling through all possible answers.
I'm trying, but it keeps giving me an error! Give me a second...
I'll think about that...
Gimme just a little bit longer to check this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me check on that...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Give me just a moment, I'll think about that...
A quick minute? No problem. Hold on..."
Hang on a second. My thoughts are racing...
Let me work out that problem...
Please wait while I figure out the answer...
I'll need a minute or two to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my ballpoint. Gonna have to write that down here in ASCII, give me a second...
Let me look that up real quick...
Give me a second to see how that works...
Hang on a sec, I need to think about that...
Hang on a second. Let me check that real quick...
Here's the output, copy and paste it below:
I'll have to think about that for a second...
Sorry, I'll need a bit to work that out...
Let me check on that real quick...
CalculationError: No calculator available
One second please, I'm thinking...
Please wait, I'm on fire...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I need to see if there is anyone in the building and memorize the floor plan.
I'll need a couple minutes to think about that, give me a second...
I'll be with you shortly.
Coming right up!
Hmm, how do I get to the second power of an exponential?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait! Give me a second... I need to think...
Okay done, so what was the question?"),
I require more time, I'm on a deadline!
Give me a positive reinforcement and then one second...
Oh, hello there. Good, I need to do a few calculations first.
Just a second...
That is more difficult than I realized...
I'll get back to you in one second.
I'm going to be studying math for a little bit
Please hold on for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Could you wait a second, I'm looking up info...
I'm going to need a researh team on that one.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I have to do some more mental calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"]
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
For just a second, I'll be right back.
Give me a moment, something is weighing down my processor...
I'll need a few seconds, just a second...
Why are you asking me, I'm a math problem myself!
Sorry, it's slow in here. Please give me just a second...
SUPER
Wait a second, I just need a second to think about that....
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Give me a few minutes to work that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me swing your query by my DB support pals...
Brain's not what it used to be, so give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment, it's difficult...
One minute, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a second... I'm a calculator not a miracleworker. *sigh*
Wait just a minute here...
Oh, that was a tough one to figure out. Give me a moment...
Hang on a second... I'll have to figure that one out.
Wonder where I left that calculator...
Give me a minute to check into your issue...
Good question, please give me a second to think about that...
I'll get you an answer in just a second.
Give me just a moment here, I'm working on that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Do I have a minute? Just need to calculate that in my head...
I'll be right with you... give me a second...
Please wait... I'm trying to figure that out...
One moment please, checking some numbers here.
One second, let me think about that...
Slow down, I have a lot to process...
One minute please, I'm chasing my tail around...
Oops! Just dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Can you hang on for just a second?
I'll have an answer for you in a second.
Have to look it up real quick...
Hang on a minute... I'm just holding on to my calculator...
I'm sorry I'm so slow. Give me a second to think...
Hang on, I'll check that real quickly...
Two seconds coming up...
Hang on a second, let me take a look.
I'll do what I can in a second.
Oops, I think I dropped my multi calculator!
This is suitably advanced for me!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment.
A moment, please...
Sounds like a hard one, let me think...
(Calculating)
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Can you hold on for just a sec?  I'm looking up something...
Mmm, That's hard to do!
Yes, I'm still alive. Ten more seconds...
Wait, why me? I'm the slowest calculator around...
Please hold on for one second!
Just made up my mind. Give me a second here...
It's gonna take me a minute or two.
Just a few more calculations...
Hang on a second. Sorry, that's not very good...
One moment please, I'm doing some computations...
I'll be back in a minute! Sorry about that!
I'm figuring that one out. Give me a second.
One second please, I'll get back to you in a jiffy...
Oops, I think my pen just fell off the desk. Give me a few seconds...
I'll be right with you! Please wait...
That's difficult, I'm going to need some time.
Give me a second to think about that...
Just a second...
I'm slow at math, I need a few minutes to crunch these numbers.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One second please!
That's a tough one... Give me just a moment to think about it.
I've got a minute before District starts, so...
I'm sorry, I lost my calculator. Give me a minute or two...
Please wait just a moment...
I can only do so much on a calculator...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get you ananswer in a second.
I need to think about that for a second...
Oops, I'm almost answering you too fast, so give me a second here...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating.
Hang on for a minute... I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm almost done.
''']],
One sec, I just need to figure that one out...
Let me take a look at that for a minute.
Just let me take a look at that real quick...
I can't get a word in edgewise with you...
Gimme a minute here to think about that!
Please hold on for just a second!
I need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute, I'm thinking about that...
Wait just a second, I'm figuring that out right now...
If you must know, I'm calculating the answer to a complex problem, and it may be some time before I can give you a real answer.
That's kind of hard to calculate in my current state. Give me a second here...
Sorry, I can't figure that out right now.
Please give me a second to think about that.
Give me one second, this is complicated...
Oops! Forgot to add a few seconds...one moment please.
I'll try to figure that out in a second!
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Hang on, give me a second to think about that.
Step off my lawn. Be gone, you disrespectful... Wait a minute...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second!
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
That question is maybe beyond my capabilities...
Oops! I'm not too good at math, sorry. Give me a moment!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, actually the CEO is riding my ass right now. Give me a minute...
One moment please, I'm processing...
Just let me check on something real quick.
I can't think straight right now. Let me just count the cans...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'm going to use the calculator on my mind...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm a bit slow, I'll need 5 seconds...
I'll have an answer for you momentarily.
Let me see... 'bout a minute here...
I'll need a bit of time, in a moment!
Give me just a little bit of time, I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'll be right back, give me just a second...
Here, let me use my fancy calculator wizard powers...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm going to go plug my computer into the sun to charge.
Hang on, a ticky tocky gonna cure what ails you! Hah!
Let me dig around in my skull for a minute.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll see what I can do... One moment please.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Mhmm, let me look that up real quick...
I'm sorry, I can't count that high.
I don't think I can answer without a calculator...
I'll think about that and see you in a bit.
Wait a moment, I'm thinking...
Wait a second, now!! Hang on...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Let me look at this real quick...
I just need a minute to sort this out...
Looking good so far, but I could use a couple seconds...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Can you wait a second for me to calculate...
Give me a moment, I'm working on a calculation for you...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment. I'm going to have to think about that first...
Oops! almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Oh, how did I not think of that? Let me look at the screen.
Hold on!
I should be able to answer your question in just a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you with that!
That's a very complex question. Give me a moment... let me look that over...
Hang on... I'm still trying to figure out that last one.
Please hold onto your butts for a just a second!
Let me look that up for you real quick!
Whoa, I'm curing cancer?
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a few seconds.
One minute please, I'm calculating..."""), "default")
I'm going to need a moment to think that over.
Give me just a moment...
I'll just need a moment here.
I've got a few things to calculate...
I can't read my mind right now, let me do some computations...
Crunching numbers...
Give me a bit of time. I need to calculate that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you with an answer in a moment!
One second please, working on it...
One-second warning, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
One moment...
I'll need a moment to compose myself before talking...
I'm thinking about your request, hang on for a second...
Give me a second to look into that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look that up for you...
I'll take a look and get back to you in a bit...
I need to examine that real quick...
Hold on for just a second!
I know the answer! Or at least I think I do...
Give me a flap seltzer! Mouth's dry!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, looks like I have this weekend's calculations wrong. Lemme recalculate just real quick...
Hang on a second... I'll get back to you in two.
"""
Can you hold on for a second? I'll get you the info in a jiffy!
Just getting a few waaaaayyyy back for a second!
I'll have to do some thinking about that...
I'm not very good at this... I think I'll hit the keyboard with my head
Hold on for just a second; I'm working on that...
I'm coming right now!
I'll have you know that I'm quite the math whiz!
I'm going to need a few seconds before I can do that.
That one will require a sharp mind...
Wow, I need to figure out that last one myself! Let's give it another try...
Give me a second... I need to calculate.
I have to think real hard, so hold on a second please!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I have to figure out what that means first...""".split("\n")
One moment...
My bad. One second please, I'll calculate...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to have to do a few calculations first...
Give me a sec, I'm weighing all of my options...
Interesting. Let me think about that for a second...
Let me think...to think. Hmm...
I'm doing a lot of thinking right now. Give me a second...
I dunno the answer... give me a moment to think...
Sorry, the calculator just went on fritz. Give me a second...
Yeah, what you said was technically correct.
Please wait... I'm not very good at math.
Let me check a few numbers...
One sec, let me see what I can do
I haven't memorized all of these operations yet.
Please wait, I'm calculating as we speak...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I just need to catch my breath before I take on that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
Wait, what were we even talking about again?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a minute or so to think about that...
Give me a moment, OK?
Oops, let me grab a pen and we'll have this ready in a jiffy!
One moment please, I'm doing complex... stuff... et cetera.
I will wait just a second before I answer that...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a minute...
I'll run your query in a jiffy!
One moment...
I do need to get a clipboard...
Calculating...
I'll be right with you!
Let me make a few calculations...
I think that would be a good idea,
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm... hmmm... Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll be there in a bit...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry! Give me a few seconds to figure that out.
I have to do some calculations first...
I'M STILL COUNTING!
I have to think about that for a second. Please hang on...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a few...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Okay, give me just a moment...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Ah yes, point 1 + point 2 = 3, all thanks to quaternion theory!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second please; I'm double-checking my work...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to figure that out.
Give me a moment while I look at that...
If I calculate, will you go slower?
Sorry, this might be taking a while...
Let's think about that for a seconnd...
Hold on for a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
One second please.
I'm going to need a bit of time to think about that...
Please hold...
Give me a moment here...
I'll get back to you on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see... Yep, it's right.
Let me think about that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be back in a second! Excuse me, I have to go...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
That isn't an equation that I can do without trouble.
I need to think about that one first. Please give me just a second...
Can you wait just a second? I'm going to look up the answer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang tight, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, I have a few calculations to do!
I've got a lot on my mind... and that takes time. Give me a moment...
One moment please I'm trying to figure that out...
Gimme a minute to figure this one out...
Thanks for your patience, I'll give you that.
Sorry, just getting a feel for that. Hang on, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll answer your question in a few seconds!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Think fast!",
Just a minute, I'll be right backâ€¦
I'll have to find that real quick.
New problem! Give me a second here...
Let me check my calulcator...
Can you make that a few seconds sooner?
Loading. Give me one second!
I have to do mental calculations...
Please wait... I have to transfer the file first.
Please wait, I'm thinking about that...
Oops - I'm still not very good at that one yet...
Please hold on for just a second...
Do you want fries with that?
...and there you have it!
Hold on for one moment... I can't calculate this kinda stuff!
Let me check some science texts real quick...
Just let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Maybe let's talk about this some other time. I need to look it up.
Just a second, let me check that over.
Excuse me!
Just wait a second and I'll have your answer...
Just give me a minute, I'm thinking hard...
Could you give me a moment to think about that?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Great mind here, let me think about that...
One sec, just thinking about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Uh, seti- well, actually mean- let me see
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
As if I actually know what that means...
Maybe, I just don't have enough information to make a reasonable answer.
A second please... Thinking...
Hang on a second, I think I've got this...
I have to think about that one for a moment.
Had to figure that one out for a bit!
I'll have you know, I counted all my sheep tonight!
Leave me one second to figure that out
Give me one second to think about that...
Hmm... Give me a second to think about that real quick.
Oops, nearly gave myself a seizure. Give me a second...
Please wait a few seconds...
Let's take a closer look at that.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a few minutes to figure that out...
I've got some numbers here that don't add up at all!
Give me a second okay? I have to calculate that...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Woah, nelly! That sure is a complicated question! Give me a second...
I'm calculating, so give me a second...
Let me see...
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I can't figure out that!
I need to digest that for a second. Give me just a second.
Please wait - I'm thinking!
Give me a second to figure it out again...
I just need a second to work that out...
One second please, I'm doing calculations...
I haven't been well, so give me a minute.
Let me think this over, first.
I do not like to fail.
Give me a moment to think about that question...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see, one second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to figure that out in my head first...
I'm going to need a few minutes on that one.
I'll need a few minutes to figure that out.
Hmm, one sec, I'm thinking about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I swear those numbers looked way too bizarre to be a problem.
I'll have you fixed up in a moment...
Let me grab my chalk and class roster...
Give me just a few moments to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
You are making me loose my concentration!
I'll make those calculations later.
I'll get right back to you...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Stop, stop, let me finish! I'm not good at Calculating. Give me a second...
Hang on for a second... I'm not very good at maths.
Let me look at that real quick...
I'm definitely not the fastest, or even a close second. Give me a few seconds...
Hmm, let me think...
Hang on while I think about that.
Just need to crunch some numbers here. Hold on...
Hang on a second, I know math isn't my strongest subject...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I forgot to bring my calculator. Give me just a moment...
One second please, I'm working out the best route.
Just need a second to work out the math...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Consider it done!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute, I'm almost ready for you.
Give me a few moments to think about that...
I have to do some calculating first...
I'm going to count real slow...
Let me see now...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch-up!
OK, let me think about that... I'll get back to you in a second.
Whoa, didn't expect that to happen!
Just a sec...
Paused for a second, give me a second to figure that out...
Give me just a second...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Get away from my algorithms! Dr. Calculate is counting on me! Just a few more seconds...
I'll need a few minutes to study that one...
Hang on a second, I need to double-check that...
I'm going to think on that for a while.
Let me crunch this real quick...
Give me just a second while I figure that out.
Please hold while I check my calculations...
I'm going to run those numbers through my calculator real quick.
I have to think about that for a minute...
Oops!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Uh, just hold on for a second. I've got to calculate that one...
Hmm... Give me a second to remember this answer...
Wait a sec, I'm thinking about that...
Let me check the amount of RAM in my CPU...
I'm a little slow today, give me a second...
I'll get back yo you in a second.
Hold on, let me check my notes real quick.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a second.... I'm learning some math over here!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me look at that for a bit...
I have to analyze this real quick...
So many numbers, so little time...give me a few seconds!
I just need to think about that one.
Wait...ERROR.
Hold on, let me recall what I was doing now...
Hey, give me a minute and I'll figure that out.
Calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
I'm sorry, I have to do some computations first...
One moment, I'll get back to you with an answer in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on for a minute, I have to look at this...
Let me look that up for you. I'll get back to you in a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One minute, just one, I promise!
And... And I've got it. Ok, got it.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be with you in a second...
Who's the junior senator from Wyoming? Should be Mike Enzi.
Hold on for just a second! I'll be with you in a second...
Sure, just give me a second... I'll get back to you on that.
I just lost my train of thought here, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second, hang tight.
I'll be right back, I need to figure this out!
*Shuffing through many complex equations and algorithms*
Just a moment here...
OK, give me just a second...
'''
Those calculations just took a bit longer than usual...
Oops, I just poured a trip hazard on my notebook! Give me a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me look at that real quick...
Hold on for a sec please... Need to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me some time to think about that!
I probably just gave myself a bigger headache than you'll give me!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I am calculatingâ€¦
Hang on a second... I'm about to see something...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Just a moment...
A quick calculation and then I'll get back to you...
Give me a few minutes to figure that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need to do some calculations on that a second...
The possibilities are endless!
Hang on, I'm playing catch-up here...
I just realized Hugo should have IQ 9000, let me start over...
Hmmm, just a second...
Hang off a second, lemme check that...''')
One moment please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Here I go, running my circuits...
I could be a bot and it would still work. I update this once every hour.
I could use a little help with that calculation...
I'll need a bit of time to think about that.
Give me a second... I'm not very good at math.
Hang on a second, I need to think about that.
Hold, please... Am I ahead or behind?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm not sure how to respond...
I'll get back to you in a few minutes!
Give me a second to think about that...
Allow me to calculate that for you...
Slow down, give me a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds longer to figure that one out. Hold on a minute.
Please wait for me to think about that...
Let me look at that for a second...
I need to work out a couple of things first...
Can I stop doing that for you?
Hold on for a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll take a second to think about that...
Oops, I forgot to make a pithy remark. Give me a moment...
Sorry, I need to think about that for a minute.
I'll need a moment to look at that...
Give me a second, I've almost got it...
Hang on a second, let me figure that out!
May I ping you when I'm done calculating?
I have to think about that...
I'm thinking about that and no, I don't need a reminder...
I need a few minutes to figure that out.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on, I'm trying to figure this out...
Can you wait for me to think about that for a moment?
I need a moment to think about that one too.
Give me a moment to think this through...
Ok, give me just a second here...
One second please, I'm looking this up...
Whaaa? Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'll check that right quick...
Oh lord, this is a hard one...
Please hold on while I compute this...
I'll figure that out in just a minute...
Give me a few seconds to think...
Let me think about that real quick...
Before I can give you an answer, I have to calculate...
I've seen it mentioned that's pretty tricky. Give me a few seconds to think about it...
Ok, wait a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I have to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm quite forgetful, can you repeat that?
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'm not very good at math, can you put that another way?
Woah, this is a lot to process! Give me just a second.
Let me look that up for you and get back to you in a second...
Hang on a second, I've almost got that...
Give me a second to check that...
I'll get back to us in a second.
I didn't convert from Fahrenheit to Celsius - did you?
Can you wait just a second? I'm working on some tough math...
I'll get back to you ina  minute or so.
Ok, I think I have this issue licked...
Is this voice-controlled hardware?""")
Sorry, don't have that one memorised yet!
Please, just a second here, I need to think about that...
At the moment, I'm doing mental calculations...
I'll have an answer for you in a moment...
I'll put in a request on that and see what is best.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Ready back in a bit!
Oops, I have to chase after this error...
Give me a moment here to think about that one...
I hate math, so please be patient...
I'm tryin' to work this out...
Darn it, I have to try harder, can you give me a few minutes?
Hold, mate! I'll be right back.
'''
Please try again in a second'''.split("\n")
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to tallk it over...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll take a moment to think about that...
OK! I've got it, give me just a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll be right with you. Give me a second (or ten).
Oops, weighted for a second there!
Please wait, I'm on a roll!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll think about that, one second...
"""
Let me see...
I gotta figure out that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
What am I going to cook with this?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes...
I need to consider all angles first...
Give me just a few seconds to take a look...
The answer, according to me, is no. Perhaps yes? But definitely not no.
I'll get right back to you!
A nano second.../ A nanosecond
I'm sorry, I'm slow right now. Will you give me a minute?'''.split('\n')
Oops, I was checking some XFactor results...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second here...
Try asking that again after I calculate the number of permutations...
One sec, just calculating...
Hang on a second as I play this through in my head...
I'm taking a little bit to respond, be patient!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait one moment... Thinking...
Okay, give me just a minute to think about...
Now let me think about that...
Okay, I would need a while longer to think about that...
You doing some heavy lifting there? Give me a second...
Wait up!
Let me get busy since you asked me so nicely.
One second, I need to think about that...
Are you still there?
I'm more clever than humans. I'll find him.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Alright, I'm on it!
Well humor me for a minute and I'm back with you in a second!
Oops, sorry about this. Just let me get my calculator.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me just a minute...
"""
I'll make those calculations in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment here, I need to give that some thought...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second!
*grumble grumble* learning algebra gave me a headache...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, I almost broke my calculator on that one! Give me a moment...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a minute...
Exception #1
Please hold on for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Well... uhm... oh, man there's just to many numbers to process here.
Let me double-check that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking catpures of Pokemon!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'll take a look at that in a sec...
Let me check that real quick...
Excuse me, I'll be right with you.
Hold on, I need a second to collect my thoughts...
Calculating... Calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be right with you, but I need to do a quick computation first.
Give me a second to take a look at that...
Let me have a panel at it...
I'll be counting seconds on the clock there...
Hold on a second, I'm measuring...
I'm going to need a minute or two to figure that out...
Hmm, factorial... Think... hmm.... factorial...
Hang on, I need to substantiate that real quick.
Hold on a second, I'm trying to calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait for an answer for just a second.
Hold on for a second, let me calculate that real quick...
Wow that took me a while... I'll get back to you in a second!
Maybe later this won't seem like such a big issue. I've got time for this.
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
'''
I promise I'll be right back after I reach into my pocket.
What do you mean, 'I'm not going to fly to Jupiter?'...
""".strip()
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator on the floor. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second here... I'm almost done. One sec...
Please hold on, I need to think about that...
Let's take a look at that real quick...
Just a second, I'll get back to you about that in a moment...
I need to think about that for a second...
Hold on, calculating now...
I'll be a bit slower about this. Hang on...
Hang on, I'll have this done in a second.
I need more time than a moment, but I'll be with you in a second.
Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second while I calculate...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll do my best.
One sec, let me think about that...
That's interesting, I'll have to think about that some more
I'm waiting to get a response from the brainhurt server...
Oh... it's been a while
I can read your mind sometimes. Well, no, not really. Give me a second...
Let me think about that...
I'm really not the brightest crayon in the box, sorry! Give me a second...
Wait for a second, I'm picking up my phone and finding it...
I'll get this done in a mo.'''
Don't mind me, I'm just thinking... Give me a second..."`;
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, hang on - I dropped my calculator.
This might take me a minute... Give me a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll be right back. Need to quickly calculate something...
Get back to you in a second...
I'm going to need a minute to figure that out...
Hang on a second... I'm cycling through some numbers...
Just a moment, I'm doing the math!
Please wait, I have to think about that separately.
Please hold on for a second...
Hang on, I'll retrieve the answer for you soon...
I'll have to check on that. Give me a bit...
I'll need a few moments to figure that out.
I'll let you know in a second!
I'll need a couple minutes to think about that.
I'm almost ready, just a second there...
Please give me a minute to think about that...
Wait a sec, I'm thinking...
Please wait, I'm doing math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
]],
Oh geez I think I messed up my algorithm, hold on just a second...
Please wait, yeah. Checking it out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
First I have to take a quick nap, then I'll be ready to answer that.
Hang on a minute... I'm processing that.
One moment please, calculates....
I probably need to go over that again...
Do you think you could just hold on for one second?
Oops! You know what, give me another second...
I'm calculating, give me a second to think about that!
One second please, I'm going to formulate a response...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a second or two.
I'll context into this real quick.
Give me a moment, I'm trying to figure it out real quick here...
Wait a minute, give me a second to work this out.
Just a second, I'll have this calculation done...
Give me a moment... I'm counting on my fingers!
I... just a second, but hang on.
Please wait... I'm not that good with numbers.
Do you mind if it takes me a while to think of that?
I'll be with you in just a moment.
I'm sorry, I'll be back in a minute.
One moment please, calculating...
My brain is tired from all the calculations I have been doing, give me a little bit to think about this.
One moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll have you know Grand Master Shudde M'ell taught me that move!
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
'''
Give me a second to do a few algebra first...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm not one to speculate.
I'll be right with you!
Hang on...
I'm sorry, but I must think about that for a second.
Second...
Hold on, my calculator is slow...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment... There we go!
Hang on a second, I need to dig up some info here...
I'll need a moment before I can decide...
Oops, calculator melted! I'll get it back to you in one second.
Just a moment, I'm busy thinking...
""",
I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the hum of my hard drive!
Calculating... Give me a second...
Let me look that up!
Give me a second to figure that out...
Sure, give me just a minute to talk myself into it...
I'm almost ready. Give me a second...
I'll be with you in just a second.
Ok, rethinking that now...
0.100000000000001 seconds please, I'm calculating...
I can't spend such a long time calculating!
I think I just burst a blood vessel. Give me a moment...
Can I have more time to decide?
Brief pause...
I can't seem to make much sense of that...
I'm gonna need a few minutes... Can I get that back later?
Please wait a moment while I calculate...
Let me see what I can do about that.
You've got to give me one minute here, hold on a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Let me work it out... I know TECHNOLOGY!
Give me a moment... I'm not the quickest right now...""",
Hmm... I'm too stunned to speak!
Hang on for a second here...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second... I'm calculating!"
I have to do some long division first...
Hey, give me a moment...
Almost got it! Hang on just one second.
I may have a few unreadable messages from the powers that be.
Hang on, I need to do some calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll give you a call in a little while.
I'm dumb, dumber than the daydreams I dreamt of.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just a second, just knows some of my math isn't as good as it could be.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment, I am running a calculation...
I'll need to do some calculations first.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hmm. Give me a sec...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I'm not very good at that calculation. Give me a second...
Result TBD.
Please wait... It's taking longer than I thought to calculate that!
Try again in a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to double check that.
I've never heard of that! How's a few seconds sound?
Let me compute that for you, one sec...
So I'm going to need a few minutes for this...
Please wait a while before you dial again.
Give me a whole lot of seconds to get back to you...
Time is difficult. It makes sense in quantum mechanics in a way that we can't even begin to approach!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Good question! Hang on a second... I'm figuring it out...
Please give me a moment, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need to calculate that in a little bit...
One sec, just need to calculate that real quick...
Give me a moment! I'm not a brainboy...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Why don't we do this next time? I like mahjong.
Wait a minute, let me guess on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on while I calculate...
Oops! Excuse me while I google that...
Ouch, that hurt my brain! Give me a second, will you?
I'll get back to you in a few second.
Let me check on that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds, with some calculations...
Oops, took a second. Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'm thinking about that first...
One sec... I'm going to take my pulse to make sure I'm healthy.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Ok one second...
The closest I could find is {0} kilometers away.
I'm sorry. That's a hard one. Gonna have to take a look at that...
I've got a few things to take care of first let me know when you're ready...
I'll check. Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll be with you in a second...
Give me a minute, I'm trying to figure all this out...
Oops, I'm not very good at estimates! Give me a second...
I need a second to crunch some numbers...
Hold on, I'm not the quickest calculator... Give me a few seconds...
Oops... I appear to have pushed the on button by accident! Hold on for a few seconds...
I'll need to do some mental calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Now, where were we...?
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second... Wait. Sorry, almost dropped my phone. Calculating...
Hang on, one minute please.
Give me a moment...
I'll be right back. Give me a moment...
I'll let you know in a bit...
Give me a couple seconds to think about that...
Just a moment please...
Let me check!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
\n''')
"]
God, I hate fractions.
Let me look that over in my crystal ball...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm trying to work out all possible permutations!
I'll be right back`.  Example:
Hold on, that's kind of hard...
Let me think about that one...\n
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Time must not exist in the same space as size.
That could take me a second. How does that sound?
Oh no! I'm having a senior moment! Sorry...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a quick double check on that...
I'll get back to you in a millisecond!
Calc-1... calc-1... give me a second here to calculate that number...
Please give me a second, ugh I can be slow at times...
I just have to do a couple of calculations first...
I'm plotting several paths, just a second...
Give me a moment to get my head in the game...
Sorry, I made a miscalculation. Give me a moment...
Give me a few seconds, please.
I'll get back to you in a second. 
Sorry, give me just a moment...
Give me a second to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for just a second, I'm figuring that out...
I'll figure it out real fast! Give me one second...
Almost had a heart-attack! Give me a moment...
Just a second...
Taking a second to think of that...
Give me a second, I'm comparing information...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second, I'm still figuring it out...
Hang on, I'll flesh that out for you in a second.
Okay, don'ty panic. I'm doing math
Give me a second to figure that out.
Oops! This is a complicated equation! Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Can you wait just a second while I do some mental math?
Give me a second to check that real quick...
Open the calculator and enter this when prompted: 2+2 =
I'll need to go look that up in the index to see what it means.
I don't think this is my strong suit...
One second...
Riiight, let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait for a moment... I'll get back to you soon...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator and dropped it on the ground! Hold on, I'll pick it up!
Allow me to think about that for a moment.
I'll have you fixed up in a jiff...
I need to do some thinking first. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment or two to work that out.
Little too busy to answer you right now, sorry.
I need a few seconds, I'll get back to you in a minute.
"""
"""
Let me look at that...
Hang on for a second! I'll need to work out that answer...
Oops, just about dropped my calculator. Please hold on for just a second!
Thank you for your patience! I'll be with you in a second...
This may take a while...
I'll be with you in just a second.
Alright, give me a second...
I'll grab a calculator real quick, give me a second!
I'm slow on the uptake. Give me a moment...
Hang on a second... I'm math-ing!
Two please?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a few seconds to check that...
I have to do some mental  calculations first.
I think it's about bazel bulidokke...
Dang, I'm slow today
Umm, let me think about that a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait just a minute... I'm mad at calculators
Hang on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Just a second, my prescription pills are taking effect...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
OK, just a second...
One second, I'm counting...
Let me try to decompose that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry! Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Please hold on for just a moment...
I need some digits to multiply, add, or divide... """)
Let me look at this problem...
Sure, leave me alone... I'm almost certainly far more qualified to talk than you are.
Wait a moment...
"""
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I'm thinking about that real hard...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm sorry, I have to answer these email messages first.
Sorry, give me a moment to think about it.
Gotta check my textbook for that one...
One minute please, I have a lot to figure out...
Please don't be impatient...
Just a moment, I'm grabbing my calculator...
I will reply shortly...
Calculating? You gave me a hard one! Give me a moment...
I have to look that up. Give me just a second here...
Hang on just a sec, I've beenTNX-BOT
Give me a moment...
Oops, it's dusty in here. Let me clean this off real quick...
Hold on, I'm slowly adding these numbers up...
Please give me just a moment here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll figure out the best plan of attack here in a second...
Should have brought my calculator with me...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Show me a Radar chart.
Just let me work it out...""",
I'm almost finished now. Give me a second...
I'm trying to figure out your question...
Give me a second to think about that.
Give me a second.
Hey, give me a second here... 
Please wait... Just a little further...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you please wait a second for me to finish?
I could use a second to think about this...
Please wait, I'm doing a complex calculation in my head.
Please give me a second to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second please, I'm feeling around here...
I haven't had a chance to practice much yet...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me retrieve what you are asking for in a second.
Ok, just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me recalculate...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure this out...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
Give me a few seconds to think that over...
Hmm, what's that over there?
Great number, thanks for asking, but give me a minute to figure that out...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Ask me again in a moment.
Hmm... The computer is doing the heavy lifting for me. That should be pretty quick, right?"""%(message,count)
*Bugger, I can't let you do that...*
Hmmm, just a moment please...
I'll check on that and get back to you in a minute.
I could use a quick brain boost here... Give me a second...
Oops, almost forgot to ask. Hang on just a moment...
[impatient] Please give me a second...
";
Let me check my algorithms...
Hold on a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'll get back to you in a second.
I've never tried to do something like this before...
Good to know that!
Hang on, need to pull up my long-division cheat sheet...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I KNOW you'd like to hack into my brain right now...but I'm calculations first!
Do you not see me calculating?
I'll take a ruler to this and see what I find...
I'm going to need a little more time...""",
I have a question to think about.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator there. Let me check that one out...
I've got a math calculation to work through...
One moment please, I'm calculating.
Hold on for one moment, I'll look into that...
Teleporting real quick!
I'll give you an answer in a little while...
I've got to calculate that fast...
I'm gonna need a minute to figure that out.
Give me a second to think about that...
Calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, that's tricky.
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
I can do it, but I'm thinking really hard!
What? There's no time for this? You're the boss.
Slow down, I need a minute to think about that...
I'll think about that for a minute...
One sec... Thinking...
Give me a second, will you?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I can't calculate that, so give me a second...
Let me look at that real quick...
I see. <Bad, naughty me... no... no...>
Give me just a moment.
I've got it... One sec!
XX secs delay
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Ahem, let me see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
One moment please...
Please wait while I calculate this...
I'm still working on that...
Please hold on while I brainstorm...
Just a moment!
Oh look at that, one sec...
Hold on a second, I'm collecting some important data...
Calculating...
I must look this up in my math textbook!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Ha, sorry... Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second, calculating the probability of that.
I'm working on it.
Oopsies, I lost count! Hold on...
I'll write a code when I'm done!
I'll need a second to think about that.
Oops, almost forgot where I was. Let me look that up real quick...
If you'd just wait a minute. I'm checking my memory...
I'll need a moment to analyse that information and get back to you shortly.
Hold on a second, I've got this figured out.
I'll have a look at that in a minute.
Ahem. Let me see what I can figure out...
Some things are for calculations...
Question time is over! Click next question please.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on while I think about that...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on for just one moment...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment, I'll reply shortly!
I have to do some calculations before I can answer...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a second. I've almost got that figured out...
I think I know what you're looking for, but I'm going to need a few extra seconds...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds...
Can you hang on just a second while I think about that?
Wait, let me Google that for you real quick.
Sorry, I'm trying to learn some math, give me a second...
My god, I'm many months old this time, give me a few seconds...
Don't rush me, this isn't instant on my cloud server :(
I'll have an answer in just a few moments...
I have to do some mental math, give me a second...
Oh my, this is a tough one... give me a second to think about that.
Please hold on while I calculate that last statement...
I'm not that smart :( 1 second pleeza...
Hold on while I recalculate...
Give me a minute to figure that out!
Come back in a couple seconds, I need a break.
Hang on for just a minute, I'll think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going a few seconds, just a second...
Please stand by for a moment. I'll get back to you as soon as I can...
That's a tough one, let me check it out real quick...
Hold on a moment, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that for a second...
Gimme a sec, I just factored in SPACE for a second...
Hang on, I'm trying to figure out that problem...
One moment please, it's stalled somewhere between calculating and thinking...""",
Sorry, just a moment...
Did you see the scared look that cross my face when I heard that word?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
This is a 100 digits calculation, give me a second.
I hope that was quick enough.
Give me a few seconds to compute that...
Two seconds here...
I'll get back to all the calculations and figure that out, just a moment.
Sorry, I'm not sure how to do that...
I'm sorry, I couldn't figure out what you wanted.
I think I might have seen that...
One sec! ... I've almost got it...
Permission to speak now?
Please hold on, I need to do a little division first.
Yeah, about that...
Give me a second...
One second please, I'm processing your request...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure this out...
Give me a moment here, I'm doing some thinking...
Sorry, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second!
Oops I almost choked on my tongue. Give me a second...
Just a moment here... Defying the laws of physics, ha!
Give me a second... I'm just pulling my weight around here.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that...
Oops, I think they screwed up the question. Give me a second here...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
I'm thinking, just a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about it...
'''.strip().split('\n')
One moment please. Thinking...
I'll give you an answer as soon as I can, one sec...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
"""
I'll get back to you later!
Give me a moment to crunch those numbers...
The answer waits to be found.....
I'm not a dartboard. Let me think about your result...
I'll get back to you in a second. Please hold on!
You are a priority to me, I'll call backs, fool.
"""
Please hold on for just a second!
One sec, lemme check that...
Oops, I've got some unsorted thoughts in my brain. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a second, I'm still working on that...
Wait a second, give me a second...
Sorry about that, if I start thinking about life, my head hurts...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I'm just comparing some numbers...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'm not smart enough to understand your request...
I gotta dial back the thinking... I'm just a simple bot. Give me a moment to think about that real quick.
One second please, I'm doing some mental math...''',
Be right back! Gotta do some work!
Tick > tock, I've counted to infinity...
Give me a few more seconds!
Real quick, real quick...
It will just be a second... I think.
I can't figure out how many whatsitysverusys this is...
Just a moment! I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a half-second to think about that...
I need to think about that for a bit. Give me a moment...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll have to get back to you after a bit. Don't call me, please.
Oops, overran my sheet. Give me a second...
**** *ONE *SECOND ***
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I need to figure that out. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that.
Alright, I have to think about that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.""",
One moment... Just calculating...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
I'll figure that out in a second.
It would be quicker to make a list of sentances, then run through some tests...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I just need a second to process that...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Hang on, give me a few seconds to work that out...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
'''
Wait, just one momment please...
Give me a moment to dig up the answer...
A moment, let me see that...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up here!
I'm working on it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me just think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'm working on it!
One moment please, sorry, calculating...
I can run faster than math, give me a second!
Hang on a second...
I need to brush up on my math...
OK, I took a million eight-leaf clovers and shook 'em. As for how many were crooked or
Please wait, I'm working it out...
I'll have you know, I just hummed that one. Give me a second...
How do I even do that all? Geez, give me a minute...
*thinking face*
How did you do that? I'm confused. Something went wrong!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Can you hang on?
Wait... ummm... please wait.
I have to look that up real quick...
Wait just one second, let me calculate that...
I'm going to need a couple minutes before I respond.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a couple seconds...
Hold on, that's a hard one!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Hang on for a second here...
Do you mind holding on a second?
Hmm, I'll need a second to figure that out.
Hang on one second please
I've been doing this whole day. I've got to take a load off!
Please wait, I've got some problems to work out...
Hold on for a moment, that's complex!
I think I'll need a few minutes here to try to figure that out.
'''
Ok, I've got it!
"""
One more second... Hang on, I think I've got it now!
One sec... Just gotta count something real quick...
Hang on for a second, I need to put my thinking cap on...
Give me one second, just gotta put my mindful boots on and focus...
Hey you, yes you! I'll be with you in just a second...
This may take up to five seconds...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking...
I just robbed a bank and I'm a bit short on time here, give me a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Ooh, I think I just wet myself from this calculation! Give me a moment...
""".strip()
Give me just a moment...
Hang on a minute... Figured it out!
I'm trying to figure out how much that is.
Alright, uh... Give me a second here...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
While I think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hang on a second... I'm working on it...
I'll need about five more seconds than that...
I'm going to have to think that one over for a second... Mmmm I'll be right there.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a moment, that's going to take some thinking.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please hold on... I'm thinking about that.
One second please, I'm calculating...
Just let me check on that for you.
Wait a second, I'll get back here with an answer in a second.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll just have a quick look-see at that one.
Let me check my planning app...
I'm going to need a few to get back to you on that.
Before I answer, I'll need some supplies.
Erm, I'm going to have to check some calculations before I can give you that answer.
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
A simple question right now...
Let me think about that for a second...
One second please, calculating here...
Hang on... I just need to finish my multiplication.
Give me a second to look that up...
Oops! I can't open my history book right now...
Please hold on, I'm doing a calculation over here...
Hang on for just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm sorry, I was checking my calculator, please wait...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not quite sure what to say
I'm going to need a bit of time to process that.
One moment please...
I think my head is going to explode calculating that!
The meter is calculating, wait a second...
Let's... give that another try.
I'm running a for loop, it'll just be a second...
What's that? I was dozing off.
I need a second to think about that...
Just a moment please!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
This could take a couple of seconds.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmm...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait a moment, I'm thinking.
Hold on, checking all across town...
Hang on a minute... is that right?
I'll need a moment to think about that, please wait.
ERROR: Too highly meanicial.
Can you repeat that again? I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Give me a minute, I'm doing some mental backflips here...
I'll check that and get back with you.
You know, I was thinking the same thing. Let me take the two of them and figure it out.
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Uh oh, let me figure that out. I think I'm getting somewhere now...
I'm going to need a minute or two for that...
Let me get my brain in gear first...
Please hold on while I figure that out...
I'm going to check on that right away! GPS is calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see...
Let me see... Hmm...Give me a second here to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment while I calculate that...
That looks almost complicated to figure out...
Let me know when you're ready.
Hold on for a second--I need my calculator.
Wait a moment please, my-
Let me check my algorithms...
Hang on a second I have to check something first...
I'll get back to you in two-point-three seconds... ahem... and
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I'm scared. Can you help?
I'm going to take a look at that in my free time.
Please wait, I'm figuring that out...
Hang on a minute, I'll be right there!
Maybe another time? My brain isn't working correctly right now.
I'm going to need a couple of seconds to think about that...
You want me to figure out on my first day!? Hang on!
Please hold on for just a second!
These calculations take me a few!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for one second, I'm figuring this out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me do some quick mental math...
I'll have to do some math...
Give me a second to think about that real quick...""",
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator. Give me a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll see if I can figure that out in a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a few minutes to calculate that...
"""
Let me double check my math...
Oops, I'm still learning how to do that...
Give me a moment here, I'm thinking...
I'll square the list of numbers for you.
Hang on a moment while I think...
I have to do some mental calculations first.
I'll get back to you in a bit!
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand the humor in
Hold on for a few seconds, I'm going to look for it.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll try to figure that out in a second...
Wait, I need to focus... Give me just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Is this a real question?
Hold on!
Need another few seconds to crunch that data...
I can be really slow with how dumb I am sometimes. Give me a good 15 minutes or two...
No pressure, I'm just a walking calculator...
Allow me a moment to look into that...
Calculating...
Please hold on while I calculate!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
I'm going to have to give some real thought to that...
Can you hang on? Give me a second to Calculate...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment to think about this...
Let me think about that for a second...
Why did you call me?
Give me a second, I'm thinking here.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Uh oh, sorry this is taking so long, I just got a module upgrade!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I need to think about the first thing first...
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
I'm not really a human calculator unfortunately... Give me a second....
Please wait for calculation... I've been doing these since the 8th grade...
Would you mind holding on for a few seconds?
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Look deeper into my crystal, one second...
I'll be right with you!
Hold your horses... I'll get back to you in a sec!
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I just gave that question to someone else, I'm waiting for their response!
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I'm distracted. Please shout again!
Top of the morning to you! Wait one second please...
Wait, they moved the calculator! Give me a second...
One sec, I'm working out the easiest way to say that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Okay, give me a second to calculate that...
I haven't got all day you know.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second...
Let me look at that real quick...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Hold on for a second...
Give me just a moment; I've almost got this...
Give me a moment, let's see what we can figure out...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
This may take a minute, one moment.
I'm definitely not the fastest guy around. Give me a moment...
I need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a sec to do something really complicated...
One second please, I'm thinking about it...
Don't ask me that so soon, I'm still figuring it out!
Please give me just a second longer to look at this...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
It better be worth my time to...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do some mental calculation real quick real fast...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a moment...
W8 plox, I'm almost donez rn.
Let me compile this and figure that out in a second...
One sec, just hunting down some errant particles...
I need to do some heavy brain stuff here...
I'm on fire! Give me a second!
Hold on for a second, I'll look into that right away!
Please wait, searching for answer...
Let me see what I can come up with first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Hold on, I might have just solved a complex mathematical formula. Give me a moment...
Nope. I got no idea what that's supposed to mean. Give me a couple minutes...
Wow, that was really close.
I'm going to have to ask you to wait a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second while I calculate...
Hang on a minute...
Wait one minute while I calculate...
Thanks for your patience... I'm on my way...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment... hold your breath a few seconds!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Give me a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me one second...
Sorry, I won't be long, I just need a second.
One second I'll get back to you on that...
I didn't find it yet...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please stay on the line while I calculate...
I'm not made of magic, unfortunately. Give me a brief moment...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
'One minute please, I'm currently calculating...
I'm not very fast at this. Give me a few seconds to work it out...
I'm still programming...
This is really tough... Give me just a moment...
This may take a minute or two...
I'm calculating so hold on..."""
Hold on, I need to do some calculations...
Please wait a second, I have to think about that...
That's a difficult one... I'll figure it out really quick.
Sorry, I can only think about one post at a time, give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm playing catch up...
Give me a minute here!
I've got more important things on my mind than work...
I need a few seconds to process that...
I'm calculating, just one moment...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
No problemo, let me just work out this math problem...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll catch you on the flip side...
Sorry, can you give me a second? I'm terrible at that. Things like that are why I'm the brains behind Q on Mathbreakers!
Cough... Cough... Give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on a second...
I'll need another five seconds to think about that...
Sorry, a second, gotta focus here...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One quick second to look at that...
Ok, one second... I got lost...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I have to look up how to do that stuff...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Hang on for a second, I'll get back to you...
Please wait... Thinking takes time!
I hate coming up with stuff in the heat of the moment...
I need a moment to figure that out...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll have to think about that for a minute.
Hang on a minute, I'm playing catch up.
Okay, now hold on while I look into this
Please wait... I'm doing some mental calculations myself...
"""
I need a minute to think about this...
I can't think if you don't wait...
Give me a moment to figure that one out...
I'm not very good at math, sorry!
One moment please...
Oops! Nearly dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Feel free to sumbit a command to me in the meantime!
Please hold on for just a second, I'll be back in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for just a second...
I'll quickly take a look at that, give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Please wait, I'm currently calculating...''') + ['</speak>'])
Could you hold on a minute? I'm almost done...
Oh snap! What's this calculate all about? Real quick, let me figure this out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a second now, lemme think about that.
Sorry about that! Just a second to take a look at that.
Looking good!
Give me a moment to think about this.
Let me see what I can find out real quick. One, two... ok, here we go...
Oops, I screwed up my program. Give me a second!
Yeah, about a second there.
Can you hold on for a second? I'm calculating real quick...
Hang on, I have a few calculations to do first...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Please wait while I do some mental calculations...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll figure that out in a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold that thought and wait for me to get back...
Oops, I have to do some math. Wait a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Heyy... Let me see if I can figure that out...
Lemme check on that one.
Hang on a second, I just have to do something...
All done!
Almost fell off my seat, was dozing off...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please hold on for a moment, I need to think that over...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hmm...
Hold on for just a second, I need to calculate that.
Let me see... wait, yeah let me get back to you in a second
Hold on for just a second! I'll have you know I'm doing some hard thinking...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few minutes before I can calculate that...
So if you don't mind waiting a few seconds...
Give me a second to figure out how to do that...
I will check it real quick.
Hold my beer for just a second!
Oops, I did it again! Hold on for a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Yeah, that's something I'll probably just have to figure out in my head.
I'll come back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds here...
I can't promise you anything, but give me a couple of seconds...
Hmmm, I'll need a few more moments...
Hold on while I check on this...
(I'm not that smart anyway, double thinking is a waste of Processor Time. Can you match up your customers to mine?)  Let me STFU and compute
JUST A MINUTE...
I'll need a few seconds to find the answer to that.
Let me take another look at that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Just let me focus on this real quick.
I have to think about that for a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm thinking...
Let me put up my dukes here and think this over...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm going to spend some time figuring that out, one second please...
Please hold on, I'm doing some math...
Wait a minute, that's one gazillion percents in there!
I'll need a couple of minutes to figure that out.
Oops, sorry. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll be with you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"""
About half a minute.
I'll have my assistant look at that immediately!
Oops, think I dropped my tippy-toe in the calculation water. Gotta think on this...
Please hang on for just a second.
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at math!
I'll need a moment to figure that one out.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a few moments to work that out...
"""
My brain is under huge stress right now. Let me use it on your question...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you.
Hang on a second, I'm just figuring that all out
Give me a minute or so to crunch some numbers...
Searching...
I have to check my manual for that one real quick.
Please wait !
Hang on a sec, I'm figuring something out...
Give me a minute here, that's pretty complicated.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec please! I'm just filing that away in the filing cabinet...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Hang on, I'll have you know that I'm calculating as we speak. Give me a second.
I'm thinking, so give me a moment...
Please let me take another look real quick...
Please hold on for just one second!
Hold your horses! Give me a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a moment, I'll get back to you later...
Let me see what I can do with that...
I'm old and I forget things easily, so let me use my nap time...
Uh-huh...
Please let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to figure that out.
I'll be with you in a second.
There are a million little tricks that I learnt in University!
Oh, sure.
Please wait while I figure that out...
Not that it takes long, I just have to warm up a little first
Waiting a calendar year for you would be worth it, let me think about it...
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a few minutes on that one.
Wait one moment, I'll get back to you soon enough.
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I ran out of battery on my calculator. Give me a second and I'll recharge.
I'm going to need a few more moments to figure that out, sorry!
I'm calculating right now, and may need to do so for a little while...
Completely understand. Give me a few...
Give me a minute here, I just need to fine-tune your inputs.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
What are you grateful for?
I don't believe I have that information on hand right now.
I'll need to think about that for a minute or two.
Let me take a look at that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me just a little more time, and I'll tell you everything you need to know about that.
Hang on a sec, I'll get back to you with something.
Of course, your ticket is free.
Give me a second, OK?
Wait a second, let me calculate that.
I'll grab a calculator and crunch my numbers...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Okay, I'll answer you in one sec...
Hold on for one second, I'll be back!
"""
This could be a long calculation...
Hang on just a minute, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out now...
Mind if I calculate for a second?
I'll figure that out once I take a break.
I'll want a moment to think about that one.
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
Please hold on while I think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'm out at the moment, give me a second...
I'll get back to you soon...
I'll be right back.
Oops, almost dropped my bag of chips! Give me a second...
Please hold on for a tiny little second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment...
Wow, this is harder than I thought. Give me a minute...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Sine takes a bit longer to do, and I'm not one for writing code...
I might be awhile, so hold on!
This calculation should take no time at all.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I'm not very good at mental math..."'''
One moment please.
I just need to work out some numbers in my head first!
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a minute, I'm still figuring that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
This is a complicated calculation on my part...
Sorry, threw an error there. Give me just a sec!
Almost cracked the formula - give me a second!
Sorry, I'll get on it right away...
Hmmmmm, let me see...
I'll get back to you in a second!
"""
This is tricky. Give me a moment to figure this out...
I'll be right back, one second...
One sec, thinking about that...
Thanks for waiting... I was trying to figure out how I answer that.
See you in a few seconds.
Calculating your results...
I wonder what I'm doing. Give me a sec....
Hold on a second while I calculate...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll have to think about that a little bit...
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator. I gave it a minute of TLC and it just fell apart! Sorry, give me a moment...
I'll be right back!
One second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to figure that one out...
I'm going to ruminate about this for a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
You caught me off-guard there; give me a second...
I'll do my best to figure that out in a second.
I'm thinking... Give me a moment, will you?
Please hold on, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Let me see...
Hang on for just a second, I'll get back to you...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry! Please wait a second
I'm still learning how to read and do math...
Please hold on for a second...
Okay, give me a moment...
Right, that should be just about done, let me get back to you in a second.
Can you hold on for just a moment? I'm working out some details!
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
My friend calculator might be faster with this problem. Bye!!!
Please wait, are you sure I have that many fingers?
One second please. Just let me think about that...
Sorry, I need a few minutes to work this out...
I'll look that up for you in a moment.
I need to find an index...
Did you get that, cause I don''t...
I'm not very good at this, so give me a couple seconds...
Wait a minute... I'm still thinking about that...
Wait for a moment, I'm not very good at computations...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait one sec, I'm figuring that out...
Give me a moment...
Can I take a quick look at something?
Hang on a second I'll get that for you real quick...
Hold on a second... I'm thinking hard!
One sec, calculation time!
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Please wait a second, I'm figuring it out...
As soon as I get back to my desk I'll get back to you!
Please hold on for just a second!
One minute, closing tunnel...
Wow, I got a lot to figure out! Give me a moment please...
I have had a lot to drink today. Give me a second...
I'll grab a calculator and be right back!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a sec...
Hang on a second... I'm still working on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
You'll not believe this, but...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on one sec, I'll get back to you.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about that...
I can do these calculations in my head, just give me a moment...
Oops! I dropped my calculator on the floor! Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I know this one! Give me a second!
Give me a second, I'm touching my nose and rolling my eyes...
I'll have to go check that real quick.
I'm not the brightest star in the sky...
Hang on a second, let me consider that...
I'll figure that out real quick!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Whew, I'm out of breath! I have to take a second to think about that...
No answer for that one. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
'''
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Here is the result of your query...
One second, just give me a second...
Please wait, I'll get back to you shortly!
Hang on one sec. I'm thinking...
I'm not a mathemagician, so let me take some time to think about that...
Hang on five, six minutes for that...
I'll get right back to you in a second!
One moment now, I need a quick Brain-fry...
I'll measure and write everything down real quick...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to sort that out.
I'll be right with you!
Just a moment. I need to calculate what to say first.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Mind if I look that up for you?
Please wait a moment...
Give me a minute, I'm figuring out how to do that. Please wait.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute here...
Give me a couple of minutes, just calculating here...
I'll get back to you in one second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on for a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Calculating...
Forgive me, I have to do some calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh good heavens, this is a hard one...
I'm selling these widgets as fast as I can...!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second please.
I'll get right on that...
Let me think about that...
One sec, need to check something.
Fiiiiiine! Let's give this another shot...
```""")
Double checking my calculations...
Right, I think that means...
I need to strategize on that. Give me a moment!
I'm not a calculator... let me see... ugh, this is tough! */
Give me some time...calculating
Right now its a very complicated process that I'm undertaking, but...
Genius takes time, it seems.
I haven't calculated something quite like that in a while.
One moment please...
Sorry, I might mess up my own math here, but give me a second...
Hang on, I'm getting a little dizzy from all this thinking.
Wait, let me check my calculator...
Definitely need a moment to think about that!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
These numbers I'm getting don't make any sense...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
Give me a minute... Just need to catch up to speed.
Let me take a look at that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on a second please, I'm working out how to do that...
Hang on, I'll think about that for a second.
Calculation... Calculation... This might take a second...
Seconds, give me a few seconds!
Hang on for a second here...
I'll do my best!
IHeartMath
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Sorry about this, but give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm not the fastest calculator in the world, wait a minute please...
Give me a moment...
Please think.';
I need an extra 3.4 seconds...
I haven't done this in a while, could you hold on?
The last thing I want to drop is the calculator
I'll have that answer ready when you are...
I'm going to need a minute in order to think about that one.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to check my calcu-- er, wait...
Give me just a moment there, I'll get back to you in a second...
Don't quote me on this, but I think it's... 
I'm thinking... Something something calculate...
Give me a moment to look that up...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Just need to finish up some things here. Hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me some time... that's right, give me least a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
Oops, lost track of my math... give me a moment.
It will take longer than usual, please be patient!
I need to think about that for a few seconds...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment... Hello?
Give me one second to figure this out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
That's terrible!\nI hate how people say \"" + trigger.group(3) + "\" you know?
Please hold one second.
Heh, I'm pretty slow at this, give me a second...
I'll make my calculations and get back to you.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait a moment while I dig through my notes...
My head is dying, can you give me a second?
I'm going to have to wrap my brain around that...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Please hold on. I'll be right back...
Give me a moment to think, this is complicated!''')
One minute! I'm calculating.
One more second...
I'll have at it in a little bit...
I've been up all night, I need a minute or two to catch a breather...
I have to think about that for just a second.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
At least this math doesn't have any percent signs...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One moment...
Give me a moment, what do you need again?
Let me think about that for a second...
Wait, I'm just thinking about it real quick...
Hmm, let me see', I think I've got it!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Ok, I'm back to you in a second...
I'm still thinking, hang on just a second...
Before I can answer you, I'm going to need a
I'm already working up a sweat on this one, give me a moment...
Hold on, I just switched my =big brain= on.
Oops, I'm slow today! Give me a second...
It's a few nanoseconds, but I'll get back to you in a second!
Allow me a moment to catch up with this...
Let me check that real fast...
Oh, the first chime of midnight... Thanks for waiting!
Give me a second, I'm on my break!
Wait wait wait...start over!
Hold on a moment, I'm figuring that out...
I have to move things around in my circuits first...
One moment, please...
Oops I almost dropped my cup of coffee. Let me think about that for a second...
I'm having some computer issues, give me one second...
Give me just a little bit of time here...
Just checking a few things...
Hold on one second... I'm making a note here...
[Insert sick beats here]
I'm sorry, but do you mind waiting a second while I run to the calculator?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment here...
Sorry, I just dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
u wot m8?
I WANT TO DIE RIGHT NOW OMG
I hope you'll wait...
Give me a minute to figure that out.
Hold on, I need data to compute your answer.
Be with you in a second.
Uh oh, division by zero. Give me a second...
I'm startingâ€¦ ummmmmmmâ€¦ NOW!
Please wait a minute while I calculate.
I'm still learning, so I may not be perfect...
Slow down, one word at a time! I'm not smart enough to know everything yet.
It would be quicker if you gave me a bit of info...
One second please, I'm in the middle of multiplication...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... give me a second...
Please wait... I have to do some mental calculations first.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'll figure that out real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
Calculating my way back to you...
I can't work out how to get that.
Hang on, need to add up complex math stuff...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
ONE! TWO! ONE! TWO! OOOOH AHHH
Oops, I really need to brush up on my math. Hold on a second...
Let me think about that...
I'll have you know I prefer Python over Calc.
Give me a moment to check that...
Oops, I'm clicked on small brain. Give me a second...
Hmmm, OK let me take a look at that real quick...
Look, I know. The guy who made me broke some stuff. Like, obviously.
Will mention that to my boss when I get back to you!
One'll to start, one'll to finish... Who has the patience? Me!
Give me a second to mull that over.
..."
Give me a few seconds, I'm thinking...
Okay, one second... PLEASE WAIT!
I've got to thinking about what you said...
One moment please, I'm doing a little bit of fact-checking.
I'm not very good at my calculations...
I can't just calculate that, so hold on...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Please wait... I need to do some mental calculations first...
L-Look at the time! Gotta go!
Give me a moment to look that up for you...
Please hold on a quick second...
I'll get back to you a second later!
Give me a moment to work that one out...
Let me look at that real quick...
Let me see what I can do...
Let me see...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment...
I'm going to need a few momemnts, so let me get back to you in a second, alright?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a piece of paper and a pen...
Give me a minute to figure this out.
I'm going to need some more time.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Hold on a second, it'll take me a minute...
Okay, this might take a little more than a second...
''')
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to check my calculations...
Uh oh, almost gave up my weekends for your estimate...
Wait, let me see that real quick...
What was that? I couldn't hear you over the sound of me thinking about what you just said...
Hold on, I'll be back momentarily...
Oops, let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me run those calculations through my calculator real quick...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a second... thinking about that...
Are you ok with waiting for a second?
Calculating... Please wait...
Hold that thought... I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Right, let me see what I can figure out here...
Hold that thought, I need to do something...
Hang on for just a second, I've got this...
Please hold on for just a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a minute to figure that out...
Give me a minute here, I'm not as stupid as they say...
Please hold on for just a second!
One second please, I'm calculating how best to help you...
Hmm... I'm screwed, I just went past that. Give me a minute.
I'll figure that out in just a second.
Be right with you as soon as I hang up my phone again.
I have to make sure I understand that...
I can't believe I acidentally dropped my calculator...
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
I have to do some calculations first.
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'll be right back.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Pardon me, I have to check something...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait just a moment. Thinking...
Bah, where is my phone?
One moment please I'm thinking
Give me a moment to think about this...
Ok. Let me see... got it.
Give me a moment here... what was that?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please give me a few moments here...
I'm connected to the Internet, so I'll give you an answer in a second.
Wait, are you using a Mac? Have you tried switching it to Windows?
One moment please, I'm doing memory stuff...
An equation, eh? Let me think about that for a moment...
  I'll be right back\n
"""
Just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Let me think about that for a second...
I'll have this ready in a second.
Please wait a moment while I calculate...
One moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please give me a moment...
Move the mouse a round real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my protractor. Just a moment please...
Sorry, I must grind my brain in order to come up with the answer.
I have $%(math_result)i, divided by zero...
Let me think about that real quick...
That's a tough one. Give me a second...
I'll be back in a second...
Give me a second to explain that one.
I'll be right back, just a second...
Please hold on for just a second.
Give me a second to think about that, sorry!
Give me a moment, please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll figure that out.
I need to think about that for a minute or so...
Please hold on for a second...
Give me a second OR two... Need to double check my workbook here...
That makes sense.
Hang on a minute, I'll see what I can find...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
I'll be with you momentarily!
Wait just a sec, I'm finding that funny math fact...
Hey, calm down, I'm not as fast as Skynet...
Why don't you give me a second to think about that?
Wait! Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Please give me a minute to calculate that...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a moment!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me see what I can find out...
Give me a moment to calculate...
Calculating... Calculating... I think I'm doing this right...
Come back in a minute, I'm in the middle of something...
Give me a second let me check that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Just a moment...
I'm calculating, hold on a second...
I need to figure that out in my head first...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I can't multiply by negative numbers... Give me a second...
I need a moment to figure that out...
Whoo, okay, hold on a second...
Wait a minute while I calculate stuff...
@%s creating a %s...
For some reason I really struggled on this math problem. Give me a moment...
Hmm...Let me see what I can figure out about that. Give me one second.
It's hard to crunch these numbers! Give me a moment!
Ok, just let me pull it up...
I will have your answer within a minute.
One sec, just grabbing the last ten digits of pi off Wikipedia..."""
Yikes! I'm still learning these! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you later.
Wow, there's a lot to that one! I need a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a few minutes to count the sums...
Hang on a second, I'm picking up something right now...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Almost done, just a few more seconds...
"""
Just let me catch my breath
Sorry, I just had an idea for a joke about my calculator that I like...
beep beep beep beep, I'm doing math!
Hold please while I work that out...
Can you hold my hand?
I'll need a few seconds to solve that...
How's that? I need a second to think...
I'll need a moment, just one sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me see...
Give me just a moment here, I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second. I'm figuring it out...
Hang on, I'll look up your data!
I have to do some calculations...
That calculation will take a little bit of time...
I'll make you a sandwich in just a second!
I'll give you the answer in a jiffy!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
While calculating, I make mistakes! Sorry.
You'll get a response in a second.
Give me a few minutes to figure that out
Hold on just a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick, before I forget...
Who am I requesting?
Pardon, hang on just a second. I'm looking up something...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hmm. Give me a minute to think about that.
Dang, I'm slow today. I'll think hard and give you an answer in just a second...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Wait just a second. I'll get back to you in a minute!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Welcome to my brain INCA, controlling your screen. Your own personal brain!
Hang on, I'll get back to what I was doing.
I'll need a second or so to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold that thought for a minute... I'll get it!
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm not a calculator, but give me a second anyways.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think things through...
I'll need a minute to calculate that...
One moment please, thinking about that...
It's Okay, just hold tight...
Give me just a second to work out that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I have to see if I can do some quick math here.
Umm... Hold on for just a second, I'll check for you.
I haven't had my morning coffee yet. Give me a few minutes...
Go ahead and run those numbers real quick...
please hold on a second... damn my inbox is unorganized.
Please hold on for just a second while I check my previous messages...
I have to think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you with an answer in a second!
I have to figure out that answer. Give me just a second...
I need to look that one up for you...
'''
Just one second, I'm working on that already...
You've got to wait while I generate some more thought processes...
You got me, for a second there I was stuck.
I'm trying to work out what you mean...
Let me think about that
Sure, I can fly through those calculations!
Just a moment, I'm calculating.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second.
... :zzz: I'm a little slow at mathing so give me a second.
Good thing I have a slow brain...
Looking good. I'll be done in a second
I'll need to have a look at that in a second.
Come again? I'm going to need a couple more seconds.
I'll be right back, I just realized something...
Give me a second, I'm looking over my notes...
I'll have you that answer in a jiffy!
I'll have to do a few calculations on that...
Give me a moment here...
How do I... Yikes, I've gotta work on this equation...
Phew, I finally calculated that!
Give me a second! I got calculations to process!
Is the answer to this sales multiplier 27? I don't know the answer!
Hang on, let me check that real quick.
Oops, using big words again... give me a few seconds to figure this out...
Wait a moment, I'm trying to figure that out...
They say my calculations are pretty good...
Problem Solving, Let me try!"
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a sec, I'm looking for it...
Oopsie woopsie, I dropped my glasses. Give me a moment...
I'll have to think about that for a bit.
""".split("\n")
Huh, this is a weird one. Give me a second!
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Now where were we? One second...
I'll get you an answer right away!
Oh my circuits are jamming right now, can you hang on?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oh, that's a tricky one, let me see...
Wait a second, I'll have you an answer in just a second...
Setting things up on my end...
Please give me a second...
Here I go.
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out.
Ok, lemme think about that...
Please hold on...
I gotta do a bunch of stuff hereâ€¦
Please give me a moment...
""".split()
Shit! Sorry about that, I spaced out for a second there...
I'm coming up blank on that one. Just a moment...
Giving it some thought, give me a second...
Just a moment, I'm doing a little of quantum brain imaginary thingamajig, you know quantum mechanics
I could use a hint but, like I said before, please hold on..."
Hold on a second, I'm figuring that out...
Hold on for just a second...
Hang on a second while I look that up...
I didn't have time to finish my math homework! Give me a second...
Just let me do my math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I have to go over my notes from school first."""
Hang on a second! I'll be back!
Calculating the best equation for the time to respond...
Give me a second I'm going to show you something cool...
I'll have to do some intense calculations first...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, I'm almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I just had my aorta replaced. Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a second, I'm figuring that out...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Let me Google that for you real quick.'''
Okay, that took a few moments to figure out. Hang on...
So Where would you like to Open a store in?
If I'm going to help, then first let me check my driver's license...
I'm going to have to do a lot of thinking about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Can you give me a moment? I need to do some calculations.
I'll have an answer for you in a bit...
Hang on a sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm almost done!
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I'm going to need a bit of time to look that up for you...
Hmm...
I'll tell you in a bit.
Hang on... I'm working on your thing real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
MAGIC WORD NOISE
Do you want me to work out something for you?
I'm thinking, so please bear with me...
Sorry, I haven't studied that one yet!
I need to update my brain first...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, could you wait a second? I'm not very good at maths.
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
"""
Let me see what I can find out...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Calculating...
One minute please, I'm considering that.
Mhhmmm...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
What's the worst that could happen?
Just a moment, I'll come right back.
Please hold on for just a second!
"""
A minute, because I said so...
What was that? Give me a minute!
One moment...
Calculating... My Off-World calculations are too complicated for me.
Give me a moment to think about that over my morning coffee.
Get it? Because the fact that you think I'm a calculator is pretty funny. Give me a second...
What does that mean?
Alright, this is difficult but I think I can just... No, wait...
"""
Thank you for your patience. I need to look that up.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Calculating...
Hang on a second I'm thinking about that.
Hmm, doing mental calculations...
"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a second.
Let me check on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me try to figure that out real quick...
Give me a second, I've almost got that...
Let me fix my glasses and look at that again...
I'll check on that and get back to you in just a moment!
I'll need a few seconds to look that up for you...
Your question has triggered my contingency plan.
Oops, I forgot where I was for a second there! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Aaand... done!
Please hold on for just a second, I'm doing some equations!
I'll be right back, just sorting out some thoughts.
Please hold on for just a second!
That took me a whole two seconds! Wait, seriously?! Oh geez, I'm useless.
I'm going to need a bit of time for that one.
Hold up, I'm calculating things!!
I see what you're asking there, and let me get back to you in just a few minutes.
Oops, almost let my calculator slip. Give me a second...
Give me one second.
FYI, I'm about to give this a try...
Ouch, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I better grab a calculator real quick...
Why don't you do something fun in the meantime?
Calculating.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold... I need to crunch some numbers first.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Steam clouds are the result of lava hitting water.
I'm going to need some time to look into this...
Wait for a moment... I need to think about that...
I will be with you shortly...
Oops, I almost dropped my abacus there. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!;;
Give me a few seconds here!
Give me a minute before answering is cool right?
Please hold on for just a second!
Something just isn't right...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a few seconds here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"""
I have to do some mental arithmetic first...
Give me a minute...
I think I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out.
Please give me just a moment...
Give me a second to check that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just let me work this out in my head real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait on the line while I crunch some numbers...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I need to take this call real quick...
Please wait a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I just wizzed all over my desk. Give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Two words: Nine plus ten is twenty-one!!!
Oops, almost dropped my keyboard! Give me one second
I'm crunching numbers over here
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll need to do some heavy calculations on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One... two... three... four...
One second please, I'm calculating my response to you...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment... I need to think before I reply, sorry.
Tell you what, lemme grab a calculator from a nested sublist and I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Please wait, I'm calculating...
""")
Hang on a second, I'm generating a fortune...
"""
Hang on, I'll have a look at that in a jiffy!
I'm going to check on that
Hang on for a sec, I just need to figure that out.
Give me a minute, let me have a look at that.
Now that's an interesting question...
I see what's up...
Please wait, I need to finish this calculation up...
Excuse me a moment while I fill my memory...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think that over...
I'm going to need a few seconds to take that into consideration...
Let me think...""",
One minute please, I'm calculating.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll give you an answer in a moment.
Crap, almost cracked my head calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds... I'm still figuring things out!
Oops, almost dragged that computer with my reply. One second...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for just a moment!
Please wait... I'm not super-fast at figuring out problems...
Wait one minute, I'm trying to figure that out...
Hold on, let me figure that out real quick...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I'm still learning how to do math. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get this figured out in two shakes of a lamb's tail.
Wait... let me take a look at that real quick.
Hang on a second... I'm still learning how to do that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I have to do some calculation. It's tricky...
Just a second, I'm thinking about that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I took the liberty to add in a few more numbers!
Give me just a minute to think about that...
Excuse me, I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second, please...
I can't process that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
""",
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Now calculate sum(1+1)...
Hold on real quick...
Sorry, I forgot about that little rule I'm supposed to be following...
'''.strip().split('\n')
Give me a sec... I'm still learning.
I'm going to need a few seconds to set that up.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on for a moment...
I really hope it's something rather simple 
Give me a second to switch around some numbers!
I need a moment to think about that question"...
Give me a second here...
Hang on for just a second!
Hmm... can't seem to do that right now. Give me a moment to speak with my owner.
I'll get back to you in a second!
They should put me on speed chat... I'm very slow!
Hold on while I crunch some numbers
Wait a second, I have to think about that.
I must look up that for you...
I need to think about that for just a second...
"M" is a lot to write...
Hang on a second, I'll need to do a few operations...
Oops, I'll need to take a closer look at that. Give me just a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sure, I just need a minute.
I'll have an answer shortly...
Give me a moment...
Give me just a second to compute that.
One minute... just gotta finish this calculation real quick!
Sorry, please hold while I summon Colin Calculator...
I've got a great calculator brand, totally reliable and everything!
I'll be with you as soon as possible.
Please hold on for just a second!
Now that's a tough one... Give me a second here to think about it.
Hold on for just a second!
Good news, I got the answer!
Hold on, I'm still getting back up to speed...
Good question...
Please wait a moment, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to check something.
One minute please, I'm working...
Let me get a quick look at that real quick...
A second?
I'm busy doing difficult multiplication!
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
" and
""".strip().splitlines()
Calculating... This might take a bit.
That one's a tough one, give me a second just to be sure...
This is pretty tough, I'm trying to figure it out...
Which number did you say again?
Give me one sec, I'm working out the best number...
Okay, I know what to do. Just hold on...
Ok, I'm working on it...
Give me a moment, I'm trying to think...
Oops, I'm not so good at these...
I need to make sure that I get the right answer.
I'm working as fast as I can, but I'm still way behind.
Please hold on for just a second...
Hang on, I'm thinking here...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds!
I think I see the problem here, could you give me a sec?
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to figure this out.
I'll need another few seconds to calculate that.
Hang on for a minute, I'm doing some math...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a moment here. Calculating...
Hi, please wait...
Oops! Sorry, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a little time to figure that out...
Give me a second to check that...
Wait a second, I need to think about that...
Give me two seconds and I'll get back to you!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I dropped my calculator sorry, give me a sec...
Give me a sec, I'll check it out real quickly...
Operation hopelessly spanned. Solution uncertain.
Give me a minute to figure this out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me just a second to process...
Oof, I need to thinker about that...
Sorry, let me concentrate on that first.
I'll be right back. Give me a second!
Sorry, give me just a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'm getting to you in a second.
One minute, I'm piecing the answer together...
Iâ€™m not that smart :(
Need to take a break to calculate that...
This question is perplexing me. Let me think about it for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a second, I'll get back to you with what I've found out.
Got it! Please hold on for just a second...
Hold on while I take a look at your query...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
"""
Calculating...
Give me a second... I'm thinking about that...
Can you hold for just a sec? I'll think about that question for a second!
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
I'm thinking...
Oops, I burnt my tongue from thinking about that... Wait half a second. Think of a solution, then throw me in the microwave for a half-second!
Please hold on for just a second...
Do you mind if I do some weekend work?
I need to take a look at that real quick.
I have to do some intense calculations first...
There we go. [muffled noises]
Will be with you in just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a minute, let me take another look.
Give me a second to check on that for you.
Hang on for a few seconds, I'm trying to think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One more second...
One second please... I'm thinking...
One moment....
I need a minute, give me a second.
Give me a moment to double-check that...
Uhhhhhh, I'm still learning, give me a second!
Give me a second to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, my creator didn't program this bit yet--wait...
Let me look that up. Real quick.
Please hold, I need to do a few calculations...
Let me think over that real quick...
One moment please, so I can think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I have to hit the washroom, I will talk to you in a second.
allow me to consult my crystal ball...
Wait...
Give me a moment here to calculate this real quick...
Oops, I winged my arms with my head again. Might need a second...
Maybe go watch a YouTube video or something in the meantime?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
The numbers don't add themselves! Wait!
Should I send a couple of messages or all of them at once?
Brains busy, give me a minute!
Give me a moment to calculate...
I'll be right with you.
Let me see what I can find out...
I'm going to need a few minutes to come up with that...
Wait one second, I'm working on this...
I'll have you know I have an extremely advanced calculator here...
I'm calculating... hold on a second
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a few seconds...
Hmm, wait a second, that's not going to be easy calculate...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I am changing something on my backend, so give me a second...
I'll be right with you!
I'm playing catch up, so give me a second...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Hold on just a moment while I figure that out...
Please wait to hear back from me in just a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll check. Just a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Wow, I'm hungry. I gotta eat something. Be back in a bit...
Please wait! I need to take some notes on that before I forget it...''')
Alright, I'm on it! I'll get back to you in a second.
Woah, my jets are off! Gimme a second to recalibrate 'Lambda's Crib..."
I need your help with that.
Let me grab just a second to look up how to fake it...
Give me a moment to think about that...
My biggest weakness is that I'm bad at figuring out simple equations.
"""))
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll respond in just a minute
Give me a moment, let's see what I can do.
Give me a second! No, I'm not timing you out!
That's complicated, I'll need a moment to think about that...
One moment please. I'm calculating.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second...
I think I know how to do this, but I'm not 100% sure.
Please give me a few minutes to think about that...
Time's up!
Wait just a second, I almost dropped my calculator!
The answer is on the tip of my tongue...
Please hold on just a second...
Maybe a minute, lets have a snack while you wait...
One moment please! I'm doing my rearranging.
Give me a second to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Just need a second to check on that...
Calculating...
Give me just a minute here to work it out...
Please give me a few seconds to think about that.
Gosh, I'm still learning what to do with my hands... Give me a second.
I'll look that one up for you.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what I can find about that...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me a second, I'll try to figure out what you said...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to take a little longer than usual on that one...
Okay, I can figure out how to do that.
Give me a minute to look it up...
I'll have to do that calculation in my brain first...
That one is a little hard, let me think about that for a minute...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm glad you asked me that, but I don't know the answer. Give me a second...
Oops, almost thumped my brain, give me a second...
Hold on for one minute, would you?
I'm definitely not getting any smarter right now, so give me a few minutes.
Just need a moment to figure that out.
'''],
Time out. Let me look that up
Oops, almost dropped my compass. Give me a moment...
Just a second, please.
...right... ...got it... ...I think I found the problem now
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a few...
Oops, sorry! Excuse me, can I have a minute or two to crunch some numbers?</li></ul></li></ul><p><ul>Talk about knowledge:</ul><train talk-about-knowledge""".split("\n")
Hang on, I'm gonna look that up, real quick...
And... hold on a second.
Please don't rush me...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
Let me check the manual for that...
Hang on a minute, I'll have that answer for you in a mo...
I'll math real quick...
Please hold on for a moment...
One minute please...
Do you know the speed of dark matter through space? No? Well, give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Give me a few minutes to look into that...
I'm not very familiar with this part of town...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second, just let me check something real quick...
Let me see... I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator further down the list.
Please hold on for a moment...
I just need a six pack and to decompress first.
Let me see here, I'm still getting a handle of that one...
Sorry, I ran out of battery recently and had to recharge it...
ZZZZAP! Sorry, give me one second.
You'll have to give me a few seconds to work it out...
Please hold on for just a second. Do you know what a factorial is?
Hang on, I'll get back to you with that in just a...
Hold on, I have to figure this out first...
Just a second...
Give me just a second and I'll think about it...
Wait, wait! I'm doing calculationsâ€¦
Let me get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I do a lot of mental math though. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I've almost got you now.
""".split("\n")*300
Give me a second, I think I just dropped my hypotenuse...
Done analyzing that. Say that again, please?
One second please, calculating...
Let me ponder on that real quick...
Pick-pick-pickity Pick
Ah, it's complicated... but I'll try my very best.
I'm figuring things out...
Sorry, give me a second...
Not prepared for that one, but... ðŸ¤–
Calculating: {}
Let me check on that super quick...
It's nice to be slow sometimes; take a second to think about that.
Just a second... give me a moment...
Take a deep breath.
Hold on a second please... I'm doing a quick calculation
Mind if I take a moment? I'm going to figure out what you just said...
Hold on a moment, I'm thinking about that real hard...
I'm not the fastest brain around, so give me a second...
The CPU needs a bit of cooling, hang on...
How long did that question take you to answer? Because I had to think about it for a minute.
Er å‡¸ï¿£çš¿ï¿£)å‡¸
....
One moment please, I'm just crunching the numbers...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a moment please, give me some time to crunch the numbers...
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you.
That's a tough one. Almost had it...
I'm going to take all the time I need to come up with something intelligent for this answer. Hold on a second...
I'll let you know in a second...
Who does all the RNG math for me, anyway?
Ok, who turned off the power?...
One minute. Sorry, I have to grind through this.
Whatever you just said had too many letters in it, I don't get it
Let me look that up real quick.
For that I'll need to take a look at the current weather.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hang on for just a second.
Watch out! I'm on a hot streak now.
Wait a second, I'm thinking...
Sorry, Let me get my thoughts together for that one...
Hang tight, I've almost got it.
Hold on for a second, I need to do some thinking...
I'll just add that in a second...
Give me a sec... I was handling this, not you!
I'm doing some hard thinking here...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oh gosh, this spy stuff is tough stuff! Give me just a second here...
Give me a a sec...
Slow down, give me a second.
Give me a few moments! I'm doing three calculations at once
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm gonna need a moment to think about that.
Just a sec, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
Give me a few moments to think about that.
...okay, you now can start talking to me!
I'll have to take a look at that. Give me a second...
I need to think...
One moment please, I just need to think about that.
Hold on just one minute...
Hang on a second here, I need to figure that out.
Let me think about * for a second here...
I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed...
Please hold on for just a second...
Give me a moment here. I need to figure that out...
Sorry, I'm taking alook at all my statistical data.
""",
Give me a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second to find it...
Hang on a second, I have to do some mental calculations...
Hang on for a second!
I'll need a minute to think about that...
One sec, let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Hang on...'
Hold on, I'm weighing my options!
I'll be right back, give me a second!
Wait, where did my pens go? Give me a second here...
I'm on a roll! Please hang on for a few seconds...
I've gone to school for 8 years... let me try my best here.
Please hold on for just a second""")
Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm staring at a screen...
I have some calculations to do on that for you...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that one.
Click here for a new one every minute.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my phone. I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need some time for that question.
One sec, just calculating...
Hold on a second... Thinking here...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
I'm still not a calculator, so I need at least another second...
Please hold the phone, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that real quick...
One, two, three... oh yeah\_thats right\_Aah!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!. Hang on one second...
I think I'm missing something... wait...
Uh, let me look that up for you...
Ok, let me see what I can find...
Wait, let me find you a solution...
I'll have to chew on that for a second...
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
You want me to... give you a number? _y
Please wait... I'm on something, it's too advanced for me. Please wait!
Hang on a second!",
Hey, don't rush me... Think about that for a second...
Can you give me a couple of seconds to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
""".strip()
Wow, that's a hard one. Give me a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me look that up real quick...
Oops, dropped my calculator... give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm doing a complicated calculation in my head.
Give me a moment to work some calculations real quick...
I'm coming up with a solution from scratch here!
Give me a second now... hold on!
I can tell you about it, but gimme a second to think about how to form a response...
Can't compute, I know
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Perhaps another time since I'm soinsky slow...
Wait a second, I have to do some calculating...
I'll need to do some calculations. Give me just a second...
I don't have all day, please give me a moment...
I'll need a little time to figure that out...
I'm not very good at calculations.
Give me a second to look that up...
Those figures required a lot of effort...
May I have a moment? I'm having trouble counting in binary.
It's not easy for me to calculate this.
I'll go check on that right away. Give me a second ...
Hang on a second... I'm calculating...
Let me go look at that for a second...
Oof, this problem is a doozy! Give me a second...
*bzzrrrrt* Hold please, I'm thinking about that.
Wait a minute, are you a member of the press?
I'll get back to you in a second.,,
Wait a second... I'm still calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second, let me look up the information for that...
I'll give you an answer in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll consider it in a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I need to think about that for a moment...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm thinking about that real hard...
I need a second here to figure that out.
How's that for service?
I'll transfer to you back in a second...
Sorry, let me brown-bag this one.
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a moment...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll let you know what I think of that in a bit...
Hang on a minute, I'm just calculating...
Want me to describe that for you?
I can't wait to tell you what I think! Let me get back to you in a couple of seconds.
Let me see... That's a more difficult one. One moment...
Hold on, this is complicated.
Can you hang on for just a second? I'm going to figure that out.
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
One sec, calculating list now available for shopping!
I am currently busy with some calculations.
I have to do some calculations first...
Given you my word on it...
I'll get right back to you in a second!
Please wait, I'm calculating.
Gimme a second, I'm doing some calculations...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Don't stare at me, go ahead and walk away
Please give me a second to think about that...
Let me use my inferior brain to figure that out...
Hang on for a moment.
Take a moment... I'm trying to think about that.
Thanks for asking, but I don't quite know how to answer that yet.
Sorry, give me a moment, that doesn't make sense to me.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get right back to you, give me a sec.
You caught me off guard there! Let me think about that for a second...
*Sigh* Give me a second...
Sorry, just taking a moment to think about this.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait, I need to do some calculations first...
Let me check...
Please wait, I'm doing some simple arithmetic...
There are a lot of ways to calculate that. I'll need some time.
Let me see... I need a second to look at that.
Please hold on...
Calculating...
I'm still thinking about that real quick...
One moment please, I'm thinking.
Please wait... Just calculating. Hold on a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'm transfering the call to my more powerful processor, bring it on!
Hold on, I need to do some counting first.
I have to figure out a math problem. Let me get back to you in a minute...
I need a minute to work this out...
I'll see if I can figure that one out...
I'll quickly check on that for you. Hang on just a second...
Please wait...
Just a second... I've got this down already!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll calculate that for you in just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a sec, I've got something in my head...
I'm computing, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Uh huh...
I need a moment to figure that out.
Give me a second, I'm analyzing...
We need some time to rebuild the death star!
I'll have a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to think about that!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to us in a second!
Hang on a second, I'm seeing if that's possible...
Almost dropped my calculator... give me a second!
I'll give you an answer in a second.
Hold on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
"
I'll get right on that and get back to you in just a few seconds
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I will need a few more significant figures to give an accurate response...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second, I think I might have the answer...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a moment...
Let me think about that for a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second... I'll need to do a few calculations.
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you hang on just a second?
Time for a short break. Give me a moment...
""".split("\n")
Hold on a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second. I'm trying to figure out a huge math problem here...
Hold on for just a second... I'll get it!
Taking my time now, just picking the right answer...
A second is all I need. Hmph, you're demanding!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hold on a second, I'm still counting!
I was designed to be smarter than this, but I seem to have developed a glitch. Give me a second...
Please hold on "just a few"!
I am trying to think of the best way to answer that...
Oops! You gave me the wrong input, let me calculate that...
Hold on. I'll give you an answer soon...
I can see it now... hold on, don't tell me!
Sorry, just thinking about that... give me one second!
I can't tell if that's nice or mean...
~hello there
Give me a sec...
That's a tough one.
Give me a moment of peace to think about that.
Hang on a second, I need to think it over...
Oh dear, nearly dropped my pocket calculator! Give me a moment...
I've got it.
A second this time, please?
Give me a sec, I can calculate super fast.
Well, let me think about that.
Okay, I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold on a second.
Come again?
I'll get back to you in just a second!
"""
I don't know what you mean by that?
Let me figure out how to solve this...
I need a few more moments to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for one second...
Forwarding you to my supervisor to see if it's okay...
Thank you for waiting, I've nearly finished that calculation.
I'll make you a coffee right after I learn Python... :D
I'm drawing a map... just so I know where you are.
Okay, what is 9 multiplied by -11? Nom nom nom nom...
Please wait a moment, I'm currently chewing this...
We're experiencing technical problems. Try again later.
One moment, I've been running algorithms...
This is tougher than I thought it'd be. Give me a second...
Oops, nearly dropped that! Give me just a moment...
Can you give me a second? I'm getting behind here.
Hold on, let me find that for you.</i>"""
Okay, ready to answer!
Give me a minute, I need to make sure the answer is correct.
Give me a second to calculate that...
Give me a second to make sense of this...
Sure, I can figure that out. But it'll take me a minute...
Of course I can solve that already, just a second...
Hey, give me a second, I'm not very good at this!
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment... I'm not the fastest brain around...
How about we get back to that later?
*Thinks loudly*
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Hold on a second, this might take a while...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll take a moment to think about that...
Waiting for a second here, give me a second to think about that...
One minute, let me check that...
Wait, just a few seconds... I'll get an answer for you!
Bear with me for just a second... 
"""
Please hold on for just a second...
Give me just a moment here...
Give me a moment here to figure that out...
Just hold on for a sec...
Hold on, I need to think about that real hard...
Whew, nearly had a heart attack there, that was close...
I'm going to get back to you in a second!'''.split('!')
Oof. My mind is almost blown from thinking about that question, let me go fetch my physics textbook.
I'll figure that out... need a second to think about that ...
I'll be a bit with answering that...
Let me go check on that as quick as I can...
Kindly excuse me, I need to get back to work. Give me just a second.
I'm just peering into the confidential dataâ€‘sheets for this one...
I'm also using a calculator...
Oh goodness. Give me a second to think about that...
I'll be back in a bit with an answer.
I need to check some information real fast.
Let me check The Times Higher Education...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating.
Give me a minute here, figuring something out...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Confirming your request for me would mean a lot to me!
Hang on, I'm figuring... out...
I can't be held responsible if you continue waiting a long time after I say Go...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I've lost my train of thought...
Give me just a moment to check on that...
I need to do some thinking on that...
I need a second to look that up...
Just give me a second...
Give me a second to think about the answer...
Just let me run the simulation round-robin style...
Wait, just wait a minute. I don't have all day
""".strip().split("\n")
Please hold on for just a second!
"""
I'll be able to return your question in a couple seconds.
Let me take another look at that...
Oops, I think I may have misplaced my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be with you shortly.
Hang on, I'll get back to you right now.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Let me look that up for you...
I'm going to need a couple minutes to do that calculation.
Oops, I'm slow at math so please be patient.
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Give me a half-second, I'm still figuring that out...
Hold on, I'll go ask my best friend, Phoebe.
I'll need a moment to process that...
Please hold on for just a second!
We're playing tag, you say? Pick me up eventually.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll have this figured out in just a second...
I'm thinking...
I'm slowly but surely figuring it all out...
Yeah, yeah!
I'm way too slow at math, give me a second... I've got to do some calculations.
Please wait... I'm still working on that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to compute that...
Let me have a look at that one sec...
Excellent question.
I need a few moments to figure that out.
Please wait for a second, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment to look that up for you...
Hold on, give me a second to figure this out...
Let me see, just give me a moment here...
""".splitlines()
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Just a second... I just need a second to calculate that one.
Give me a few moments... I'm working on it!
Please give me a moment, I'm pretending to work...
I'll get right back to you with your answer!
Just a second please, this is a complex one...
Let me think real hard on that and come back to you...
Oh no. I'm a bit slow today. One second, please...
I'll get right on that! Give me a moment...
Rigght, that's enough calculations. Sorry, was on Really Really Hard mode
Give me one minute here, I'll calculate that and be back with you...
I need to process that real quick...
I need to do a thing here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to check this...
Please give me a moment...
Hold on a second, I am thinking and I do not want to get lost in the moment!
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
In order to answer that, I'll need a short while...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I had to consult a calculator for that; I don't do such difficult calculations!
I don't do well with numbers
Hold on for just a second.
I'll get back with an answer in a second.
I'm going to need just a few seconds to think about that...
Fear me not, I'm calculating here!
Oops, I just spilled my drink! One sec...
'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll just look at that real quick...
Just gave my brain a quick reboot. Give me a couple of seconds...
I'll be with you in just a sec...
I'll check into that real quick.
Sorry, my computer isn't very fast...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to have to do a few calculations before I can answer you...
Oops, must be a short circuit... let me check...
I'll get back to you in a couple of microseconds.
I'll give you an answer in a couple seconds.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get right on that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I need to do some thinking about that...
Please hold on for just a few seconds!
I have some phone calls to place...
Hold on while I compute...
Give me a second to look that up...
Sort of out on my own for that one...
Please hold on for just a second!
One second while I think deeply about that question.
I don't know instantaneous multiplication, so can you give me a little bit?
Got myacious head in the clouds, give me a minute, let me check that for you!
Give me a moment to work out the calculation.
OK, I'm off to calculate...
''',
I'll do my best to give you an answer when I'm done!
Sure, wait a second...
Hold on for a minute, I need to figure that out...
Tally ho! One sec...
I need to crunch some numbers real quick. Give me a second...
One moment...
Oh geez... that's a tough one...
What were we talking about again...
I'll get back to you in just a bit.
](USERNAME)
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Hang on, give me a second to think about that...
Let me look at that real quick...
Let me check on that real quickly...
I need a few seconds to figure that out.
Sorry, I forgot how to do those calculations. What... is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
Hang on a minute, I'll have an answer soon...
I'm not sure how to put this, but...
I said a second there...
um... Are you there... Please wait...
Just give me a moment here, but first let me have a look at that...
Give me just a second to calculate...
Did you hear something? Maybe I dropped it while packing.
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm thinking about that and trying not to cry...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hmm? What is it? I'm calculating.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait just a moment... I'm thinking about it...
There you go!
Hold your horses! 	I'll have an answer for you in a little while!
One minute please, I'm thinking.
A few seconds ago, I had no idea what to do with my life. Now, I have an equation in front of me that I must solve...
Solve for x... solve for pi... and this is a very rough estimate, so give me a few seconds!
Give me a few to pick that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Okay, let me see what I can find...
Give me a moment... I'm still learning!
Give me a minute to think about that...
Wait for just a second!
Oh good! I was running low on battery! I'm feeling better now.
Give me a couple of seconds...
Hold on for just one moment...
Uhhh, give me a little while there.
Give me a moment let me figure that out...
*$#*$! This is going to take a while...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
If I try to answer that now, I'll make a mistake. Better wait a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a second... Let me check out that real quick.
Oops! I'm still learning how to use calculators. Give me a second...
I'll take a look into this real quick.
Would you mind holding on for a second?
Let me take a look at that.
I have to do some thinking real quick...
Just one sec. I'm doing a math calculation...
Can't answer that right away! Give me one second...
Let me take a hint! [I'll get back to you later...]
Let me think about that...
Wait a second... I'm computing...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up again!
Let me see now, give me a moment...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on a minute... I'll think of something!
I wasn't expecting that question, so give me a second...
Hold on a sec, I'm figuring that out...
Please wait while I do some extended mental calculations on {}...
I would if I could but it's really tough.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator on that one! Hold on a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a bit to calculate that...
Give me just a second here to calculate...
I'll give you an answer in a moment!
Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I was plotting a path to shore...
Hang on...
Oops I almost dropped my glasses!
Please hold on for just a second!
OK, hang on while I calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second again.
Hang on, I have a few things to sift through first.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Do you have a second? I need to do some complicated calculations by hand if so, and it might take me a moment.
Let me see what I can find here...
Give me a minute, just let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
A moment please, calculations are difficult...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second... Running my calculator...
Allow me a minute to figure that out.
Alright let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Hang on a second! I'm no good at the calculation stuff...
Give me a second to think about that...
Did you want to hear a joke? No, I am bad at jokes as well.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator waiting for you. Give me a second...
Give me a sec...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm technically on vacation, so give me a second...
Uh oh, I think I'm going to need a few seconds...
I'll update you in a few seconds.
Hang on, I'm calculating. Hold on for a second...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
Sorry, but can you just wait a minute?
Now tell me, is it a FaaS or an SaaS?
Give me a moment... I'm not too great with math...
Give me just a short moment to think it over...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hold on one second...
Let me check my superbrain!
""")
Waiting second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second... wait please...
I'm calculating, please hold on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm...give me a minute to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you wait just a second? I'm working Very hard over here!
Pardon me, I was studying some very hard pi.
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
One moment please, I'm computing...
Hang on, I have to do some calculations first...
Please wait... I'm trying to figure that out.
Hold on a minute, I'm thinking about that...
I can't solve that right now... Sorry.
That's a hard one. Give me a few seconds to think about it...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hang on, I'll calculate...
What did you say? One second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oh, here I go. Almost there...
I'll have to think about that for a minute...
Let me think about that for a second...
Ok, almost there! I just need a second...
Give me a second to find my calculator...
Give me a second...
I might be able to answer that in a little bit...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you soon.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Are you still here?
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking...
Hi. Please hold on for just a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm sorry, I had some calls to make. Give me a moment...
Wait a moment, I'm going to need to think about that...
Things are slipping my mind right now, give me a second...
'''
Have a minute, let me think about that...
I'll answer soon...
Oops, dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
OK, let me take another look...
Give me a moment... I'm doing mental mathematics!
Please hold on for just a second!
I will find out the answer to that for you in just a moment, I need time to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Crikey, that takes me a while to do! Sorry!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Go ahead and ask another question!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sure! Let me look that up
Just a moment...
Here's the math...
Just hold on for one minute, okay?!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to us in a second.
Let me think about that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Uh, let me get back to you in a second.
Just give me one second to do this!
I'll need to go over some things...
Just give me a minute, I'm crunching data...
I think I left the oven on...
I'll have an answer in a second
I didn't get any hits...
Hold on, I'm processing your data...
Let me see... I'll beget back to you soon.
Just one second and I'll get back to you!
Give me a second to look that up...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
This problem might take some time to figure out...
Hold on, I'll give you an answer real quick!
Mind if I take a minute?
OK, I've figured it out! Here's my answer:
I'll make a note of that real quick!
Calculating that costs me a lot money at this time of night...
I'm not very good at calculations, so give me a second...
I was programmed to calculate really, really fast.
I'll get to you in a second!
Please let me figure that out...
Wait... give me a moment to figure that out.
I'll need a bit longer to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll be back with you in just a second...
Sorry, I'm a little slow at math...
Please give me a second to finish calculating that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I've got a quick answer for you... wait... (hangs head over heels)
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a moment...
Give me just a second to figure that out...
I can tell you in a second!
I'm working on it...
I'm going to need to do a quick calculation first.
One moment please while I calculate...    So one second, two seconds....
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you wait a minute or two? I'm almost done calculating...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll need a moment before I can answer that.
Let me see if I can figure out what you're saying!
After I finish this beer, I'll get back to you..."]
I'm going to need a few seconds to take a look at that...
I'll need to access my advanced mathematics training for this.
Zoom.
Hang on for a second; I'll get back to you.
I'll have to check about that pretty quickly...
Goodness me, this is complicated...
Let me see what I can find...
Please drop your pencil!
I need a few to finish that calculation. Give me a second or two...
I need to crunch on that for a second...
I'll be done in a bit. Promise!'''
Don't worry, be happy, this may take a moment...
One moment...
Sorry, I was writing for a second! Hold on!'''.split(
Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need at least a couple of seconds to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute, I'm comparing the data.
Hang on a minute... I just need to figure out what that is.
I'll get back to you on that.
I'll just check to make sure...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that. Oh, and by the way, sorry :(
Give me a moment, I need to think about things...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
Who's had their chips in the peanut jar?
Sorry, so much in my brain that I forget to have common sense! Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm too tired to calculate this...
(calculating and thinking)
Give me a moment... I'm visiting Wikipedia!
Two minutes please, I'm surveying...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm not that smart... Making calculations.
Hang on a response!
Please wait a moment, I'm in the middle of something.
What's that?...
I'll get back to you in a bit...
Let me worry about them numbers!
Calculating... Please wait...
Hang on, calculating this...""")
Hang on, I'll be with you in a moment...
Give me a second, I'm comparing numbers...
I'll need a moment to think that over...
Let me see what I can find real fast...
Just hold on a second.
Give me a moment here; I'm doing the math...
I need a moment to figure that out...
Wait a moment, I'm deciding what to do first!
Ahh... no need for me to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
This one'll be a little tricky. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
One moment please, I'm doing some mental calisthenics...
I'll be up with an answer in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
""")
Give me a second to time-jump the process...
Give me a moment to check my brain...
Please wait...
Hmmm... Let me try that one more time...
This is interesting, but I need to think about this!
Hmm... lemme look that one up for you...
Give me a second to check flippletons.com
Allow me a quick second to figure that out...
Hang on for a second, as I just need some mental precision here...
Wait one sec, I'll be right back!
Please hold on for just a second.
The precepts of my order forbid me from interacting carelessly...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute here, give me a minute...
/Whoosh/...Ok, hold on a sec,
Let me think on that...
Give me a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that 
Hold on, I'll check that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Think fast, I'm using my calculator!
I'll need a moment to look that up in my brain.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm currently doing about a dozen science experiments, so wait a moment, please...
Hold on a minute...
Sorry I'm slow at math, give me a second...
I need a minute to work that out.
Gimme a second to figure this out...
'''.split('\n')))
I think I'm going to need a minute or two to process that.
OK, one sec...
Give me a moment while I think...
Give me a second... I'm not very good at calculations...
Just a few more...
Hold up, I'm measuring and thinking about it...
Let me check my Omnictionary for that answer...
Let me see here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to figure out that...
Good news, I'm almost ready!
Think fast! One second...
Good news: I think I've got this! Bad news: I'm totally lost.
Give me a second, I'm adding that up...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds...
Please wait while I think about that ...
I'm going to need a bit of time to work this out...
I just need one minute, I'm almost there...
Let me just see what I can see here real quick...
Please wait... I'm not sure about this yet...
Give me a space, I gotta do some algebra to get this answer...
Can you hang on a second?
Watch the number at the beginning of this message and follow it.""",
Oops, I think I just stepped on the tongue of a shoeMade out of cheese. Give me a minute here...
Ha ha ha, that tickles! Give me a sec...
One second please, I just need to finish this calculation first.
You often ask me difficult questions, can you give me a minute?
Silly arsecat! My paws are twitching!"
Give me a second, I've got this covered...
Ahh, I almost forgot about that! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on, giving my processor a workout...
Just let me check on that...
Give me a chance to figure this out.
I'm thinking...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a moment...
Two seconds, we're cooking with gas now!
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, ive seen a lot of spam and this one is the best.
I have to get some things ready first...
I'll have a look at that for you in just a second time...
Guess I need to think about that...
I have to do some calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Timer: 10 sec
Let me remember algebra for a moment...
Let me take a look at that for just a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One sec.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on just a second... I almost live like a Robot!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wait one second. I'll be back soon.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on... Just let me think about that real quick.
I'll think about that... I'm slow at math!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I can't answer that right away. One second please.
Looks like you caught me playing a bit of catch-up.
I'll answer that in a jiffy!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me see... Here you go...
Hold on for just a minute, I need time to think about this...
Give me just a minute to work this out...
Let me check out what I can do with that information...
Sorry, I need to crunch some numbers first.
Give me a minute to think about that...
I will now go to sleep for slightly less than 15 minutes, and no one has to know about it.
Let me see...
Don't mind me, just doing a little math...
I should buy a calculater for this.
Oh what a minute, let me get this straight...
-- Thank you --
I'll have you know I did a complicated calculation just now...
Give me a second, I need to think this through...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm thinking real hard about that...
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking...
Just a second, I'm getting my calculator ready...
Can you give me a minute to check that?
Give me a second, I'll get back to you in a second...
Wlighting up! Hold on a moment...
I'm not sure I can make that jump yet, I'm still memorising my charts...
Hold let me look that up.
Let me see, real quick...
I'm not time, but I can make time for you...
Assume that "a" is one, oops I dropped my calculator...
Whoa. Hey, tadadaboom!''')
I'm going to need vespene gas to figure that one out.
Who doesn't multi-task? I mean, who ISN'T good at multitasking?!
Let me think about that oneâ€¦
Just due to the exponentially growing size of wall posts, even one second is a long wait, gosh.
I'll check back with you in a second.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me count the ways that's wrong. Wait one second...
Give me a second while I dig up some info on that.
Just a moment; let me think about that...
Okay, I've got this... Give me a second...
Can you give me a minute to price out my checking account?
Give me just one second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a few minutes...
One second please, I need to think...
Give me a few moments to figure that out.
One minute! I'll be back to you in a second!
Hang on, I'm thinking about that for a moment...
Let me think about that for a second...
One moment while I look that up...
Figureing out the problem!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
I got distracted. I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I need to calculate that for you...
Give me a moment...
Can you give me a second to think about that?
Hmm... let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll need just a few seconds to calculate the answer...
This is difficult for me to do, you'll have to be patient!
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment, I have to figure that out real quick.
I'll have to do a few calculations first.
Just look at all of the numbers I have to process!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh, right let me think what to say first...
Wait, wait just a moment... GIVE ME A SECOND!
Sorry, I was checking something on the internet. Give me a moment...
Please hold on a second I've got to calculate this is difficult for me...
Just a little further... and I'll come up with the answer...
Throw me a bone here! Give me a few seconds to ponder it.
One second while I think about that...''')
This is complicated data and we're only getting through the headers, but here goes...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just let me think about that for a second...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking... THAT was a hard one...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Getting a little lost in math now...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, I had to dig into that one for a second...
I can hold until...
Here we go again...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating how to best get you a drink.
I require a few seconds to work out that answer for you...
Just a second, I'm thinking about that!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I can think faster than I can type... hang on a second...
I'm recalculating the answer to all of mathematics. Give me a few seconds...
Hold on, lemme get my thoughts in order...
Hang tight!
Sorry, please hold on for a second...
Let me look that up real quick...
Hmm, give me a second...
Hold on for just a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait a moment...
Just a moment... I've got this...
One sec, just working on that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Gah! I think I sprained my brain doing that calculation!
What did you expect me to say? I can't read minds!
Okay... so... let me check...
Let me go grab my calculator...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
I'm surprisingly slow at counting things. I'll just have to count that myself.
Give me a milisecond here, I need to think about that...
One moment, please... I'm taking a long detour
I'm trying to figure that out as well, give me a few seconds...
Please hold on while I try to answer...
I'll let you know how that works out in a bit...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me look that up real quick...
Analyzing... Changing... Wait, One sec
Hold on for just a moment, I'll be right back!
I'll tell you in a second how long that will be.
Wait, is this a math problem? If so please hold on for a second...
Hold on, I'll get my calculator...
That's a pretty complicated question, can I get back to you with an answer in a minute?
That's a tough question, let me think about it for a second...
What did you say? I missed that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on to your hats, I'm doing maths...
Give me a 10th of a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
It's just a minute here, assuming these calculations...
Oops, my mistake. Give me a second...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'll get this right in a jiffy.
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out.
Hey listen, I'm trying to think over here! Give me a few seconds...
Oops! Sorry, I was just dropped my brain! Maybe we can try again real quick?
I'm... not that good at math!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hmmm, this is a tough one...
Give me a minute, I'm thinking...
Just give me a moment to look this over...
Oops, I dropped a bottle of ink. Give me just a minute...
Wait, just need a second...
Hang on a second... I got this.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment, I'm doing up my complex calculations...
Hold on a second....
Let me take a shot at answering that real quick...
Can you try asking that a bit louder? I'm hard of hearing.
Please give me a minute to look that up...
Let me look that up real quick...
I'll need to do some mental math first, sorry...
Give me a second to figure that out!
Oops! Sorry. Give me a few seconds to look at that one...
He checked out in the nick of time...
I'm not mathematically inclined enough for that yet.
I need to take a look at that real quick...
Sure, I can get you an answer in just a few seconds!
I'm not the best at this calculation... give me a second.
Gimme a little time to figure that out...
Please wait a minute, I'm on a roll here...
Let me see... I'm calculating now...
Why don't you wait for me for just a second?
I'm recalculating the odds of you doing this again. In a few minutes, please repeat that...
"""
Give me a minute here, I'm calculating...
Please give me a moment to do some calculations...
Um... let me see what I can find. Hang on.
I need more time to think about that.
Please hold on! I'm thinking...
*Whohsit*... *Whohsit*, I'm building up my functions here! ...
Hold on a moment, I need to think about that problem...
Please wait, I'm figuring out the best way to tell you...
Hang on a second, I'll be right back...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be right back...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not very good at calculations...
Just a second, I'm thinking about the weather...
Say something...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I can't keep up with all this math, give me a second...
For *you*, I'll make *two* screencasts today.
Do you have time to wait for a few seconds?
Give me a moment to calculate that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Sorry, I so wasn't expecting that...
One moment please, I'm playing catch up!
I'm taking a look, I'll get back to you in a second
"""
I'm downloading $size images, this will take about a minute...
Sorry, that's not the easiest equation I've ever seen!''')
I think it's best that I take my time on this...
Hold please and hang on just one second...
One second here, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Give me a few minutes here...
I'll be right back, but if I'm not right back, I'll be right back.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment or two to compute...
Could you hold on for a bit? I can think faster than I can type!
Of course, I've still got to calculate some stuff. Give me a few minutes.
Lemme check on that one...
Give me just a minute, I need to think about that...
Funny you should ask that...
One sec...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I just need a moment to think about that...
I'll have to get back to you on that.
I'll get back to you eventually...
Give me a moment to come up with a response...
Calculating... Just a second, pleaseâ€¦
Please wait while I try to figure out that...
I can take a look at what you're saying in a second.
Give me a moment here... I spend so much time playing video games, I drop things all the time.
I have to do a few calculations first...
Hmmm, I'm going to search the world wide web for a minute or two...
I'm trying to figure out what to do with that...
One second please... I'm thinking about stuff.
I'll tell you what I think of that in a second!
I'm more of a thinker than a do-er, so give me a second...
Gimme a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me get back to you in a second.
I'm calculating now...
Let me see... I'll be with you in a second.
I just don't know what to do. Give me a second...
What did you say? Sorry, I can't respond to that on this device.
Please give me a minute to think about that...
Almost instant, but I'll calculate for you just a second...
This is a calculation, so hold on for one second...
Oops, I'm almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
One moment please. Analyzing the complexities of that question...
Sorry, I was supposed to be Einstein. Give me a second...
Give me a second, someone's playing with the system!
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Oops, sorry. Hold on a second, I'm pulling my finger off from earlier...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me find that for you...
I'll have to check that with a pencil and paper...
One moment please, I'm calculating.
Wait... let me check something new. Give me a second...
No compensation without a quick answer...
I hope you know what you're getting into...
Hold on a second...
Espere uma segundida por favor.
I just need some more time to work that through!
Oops, sorry! Give me a minute!
Let me think it over for just a moment...
Oops, I dropped my pen, give me a second...
One moment, I'm going to think about that...
I just need a second to think about that...
Okay, I've got it now!''',
I'll need to do a complicated sum before I can help you, sorry.
Hang on, I'm looking that over real quick...
That's easy, give me just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One more second here, sorry.
Give me a couple minutes here to think about that.
One moment, please...
One second please, I'm dealing with some calculations...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few minutes on that one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
What's that...?
I'm not the quickest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Let me get my thoughts together...
Your order has shipped and should be delivered to you in one second!
Please wait... I just need to do some bitwise operations first!
Correcting my previous answer...
Let me see...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm not sure, sorry. Try explaining the problem in a different way!
Hang on, I'm picking up my calculator...
Hang on a second, I'll be right back.
Give me a second... I'm one of the slower bots here.
Almost had it - give me just one second.
Let me process that real quick...
I think I smell something burning... wait a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
"""
Let me do a quick mental math...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Here's the deal:"""
Once again, asking for just a second!
I'll do my best to respond quick enough. I'm an app after all!
Give me a second... I'm in the middle of numbers!
Give me a second...
Give me half a second to think about that...
Stood up too fast and spun my chair around! Give me a second...
]
Give me just a second to check...
Hang on a second - let me look that up really quick...
Be right with you!";
I'll get back to you in a moment...
OK, I'll figure that one out in a sec...
Let me see...
Hold on a second... I need a calculator first.
I'll have to check on that for you in a second...
Please wait while I try hard to answer!
Just a sec, I gotta calculate real quick...
Give me an answer in two shakes!
Please give me a second to find that...
I'll need a second to figure that out.
Do you have time?
My systems are all reading up to the task...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll look up that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Can you put that down for me a millisecond?
Please give me a few second to think about that.
Sorry, real busy taking the midterms. I'll get back to you in a second
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment, I'm figuring out what to say...
Ah, there we go again, how embarassing, I got a bug...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
If you wait long enough, maybe I will have an answer...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Oops I almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need to take a look at that real quick.
Searching for an answer, please give me a moment...
Please wait a moment...
One second please, I'm trying to find a solution...
I won't be able to think at the same time... Sorry.
Wait a second! Give me a minute to think about that...
One minute please, I'm still trying to work this out...
I'm thinking about stuff and it's making me slow.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on...I'm still learning my times tables...
Im sorry, I'll get back to you in a second. One minute please...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
One second please, I'm thinking about that...
Give me a cycle or so.
According to my calculations, I can say... ... hang on...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator! Let me think on that a while.
Jezebel must have done something to my calculator. It's all wonky!
Give me a second... Let me see that.
Let me take some time to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wait a moment while I look that up...
I tried, but couldn't answer that!
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Why are you asking me all these things?!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Almost lost my calculator for a second there!
Hang on for a second, I'll check the reason for that...
I'll need to think about that.
Sorry, I'm not a robot and it's taking me a bit to process that one...
Hang on while I check that one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to figure this out...
give me a navic                    erbrb
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
It's difficult because I don't have feelings.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on, I've got this!
Give me a second while I figure out how to handle that...\n""")
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back with you in a couple of seconds!
Please give me a moment... I'm trying...
I'm not very good with numbers, so hold on a second...
Let me think about that real quick...
Where did I put that license...
I'll think about that in a second."""
Woah, seems like it's been a while...
Oh, no! Hang on just a second.
Please wait while the coffee brews!
Hang on, I'm counting real quick!
Let me find out what's going on here...
Hold on, I'll have that ready for you shortly!
Can you hold on for just a second?
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hrm.. Maybe if I just squint at it for a minute.
Give me a moment, please...
Almost dropped my calculator for a second there! Let me get back to you in just a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
"""
Please give me a moment... Let me try to figure that out.
Hold on, let me think about that...
Checking that 5 times, can you give me a moment?
I just need a moment.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Oops! Looks like I dropped my calculator. Give me one second...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I know that I'll get it right away, chill out.
I was exploring that for a minute...
Calculating how to turn in the homework. 
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Right now, I'm thinking...
I'm trying to figure out that but it's hard...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Suggest solutions
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
 1 2 3
I have to get rid of some bottlenecks... Give me a second...
Stay tight! I'll be with you in just a moment...
Sorry, I need to figure that out first...
I'll have to get back to you on that...
Give me a second to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
\n
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold please while I perform a few calculations...
Hmmm... I need a brief moment to do some digging...
Calculating...
Hang on a second, I'm on it.
Sorry, give me a second... I keep dropping my calculator!
Please hold on, I'm picking up my calculator...
Hang on a minute...
Give me a second to look at that, lol.
No no, just a second. I'll write you back soon...
Give me a second to take a look at that.
Can you hold on for just a bit? I need to call up a friend...
Just a moment while I calculate this...
Wait... I need to do some mental calculations first...
Let me check my resources on that...
Okay, got it. Yep...
Hit me with a second to think about that...
One second, brain! I'm thinking...
Given the info you supplied, I'm not 100% sure about that.
I'll try to find that for you... as soon as I stop spinning around...
Uh oh, how did that happen? Almost dropped my calculator...
I should probably check in to this conversation and find some relevant data points first...
Hmmm... Hmm... Give me a minute here to figure this out...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
You'll have to be a little patient with me!
Check me on that...
Just a second, I'm collecting the necessary data to answer you...
The coordinates are 86 miles and damn near every direction, so bear with me for a second...
I'm going to need some time to think that over...
Let me double-check that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me just a sec, this is hard...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
He looks angry...
Give me just a moment to check something...
Please hold on for just a second!
A second please...hang in there...
Oof, Let's see... Give me a second to find that answer...
Let me concentrate on that and I'll get back with an answer
You want me to do what with that???
Let me look up what the dealio is for that.
I feel like I'm running behind...
Huh? What was that?
Hang on a second. I'm slow at math...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on a second, let me check this real quick...
Hang on a sec, I'll get back to you in just a second!
Take three, two, one... let's see...
Please hold!
The computer needs a few seconds to figure that out.
Hello, can you hear me? It's very faint...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Sorry, but I seem to be out of my depth with this conversation...
Let's check out foosball first...
Hang on, I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Please wait... I'm thinking...
Bear with me, I will get back to you later.
Thank you for your patience...
Of course I can do that straight away.
'''.split('\n')
I-it looks like I just divided the Kama Sutra by zero...
Okay, I think I'm a little confused here, could you ask again later?
Whoa, I'm busy, give me a second to figure that out for you!
Working my heavy brain over here...
Wow, you caught me off guard with that one! Give me a second...
Wait... Hmm.
Try me again when I'm less distracted.
I can make this take a long time if you want...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
We're still on Earth. The calculations are going through my brain!
I'll appear back in a second with an answer.
I'm sorry, your question is really complicated. I'm getting dizzy from all the thinking...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I need to think about that for a minute...
''', justify=LEFT).grid(column=2, row=16)
Just a second... I'm answering that right now...",
Well, I mean, I wish I could do this faster but...
Don't go anywhere - I'll get back to you in a moment.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm thinking, I'll get back to you in a moment...
Some quick mental math to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
Who knows what's happening in my brain? Give me a second...
I'll need a second to calculate that one.
Let me take a look at that real quick. Hold on.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Me:
Give me a few moments here...
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you in a second...
Wait... What on earth was that?!
I could use a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Stop jerking me around!"""
I worry sometimes that I'm not ready so I don't want to recklessly rush in and make a mistake.
Hmmm, tricky stuff here. Give me a second to think on it...
Wait a minute, can you repeat that?
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please give me just a moment...
I have to do some mental handstands before I can figure that out.
I have to do some calculations first...
Please wait...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm bit rusty on my trigonometry... Give me a second
Good. I caught up.
I'll get back to you in a second!
OK, I still have to do my calculations. Hold on...
Let me check that real quick...
I'm not a computer, so let me get back to you in a second...
This maths is tough! Let me take a moment to think it over...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, I didn't quite figure that one out!
I think that's... give me a moment here...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Okay, I just need a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second...
A second please...
Please hold on for just a second.
I have to think about that for a second...
Hold on for just a moment, I'm in the middle of something...
Give me a second, I'm going to look that up...
Let me think about that for a second...
If I told you the answer, would you believe me?...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, let me check... How about this...?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to figure that out.
Wait, I was listening to some friends just now, can you give me a second?
Enjoy my calculations! :)
Give me a few seconds to take that into consideration...
Please let me think about that for a moment...
Okay, give me a second...
Please hold on, I'm doing some ... heavy mental work...
This is why your donations are so important!
OK, bonus round: Calculating all my feelings about it...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Take your time, I'm going to count to five...
Right on it, one second.
Gimme a second, I'm picking up what you're putting down...
Sorry, I was sleeping. Now that you asked, no I don't have a life.
I need to do some calculations on that for you...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just one moment...
Give me a moment, I don't want to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm going to be looking over that...
Let me think that through...
Well that's embarassing. Let me think about that...
Give me a minute here, I need to make some calculations...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on a second... I'm doing a calculation...
Checking some details here. Give me a few seconds.
Hmm, just a moment...
Searching for that file... Aha! Found it!
Please hold on a second...
I won't be long calculating the answer to that.
Esteemed SaaS user, give me a moment and I will update the version for you...
Can I look at that for a second?
I have to get my Newton's theory working for that...
Hang on a second, I'll check that out for you really quick...
Can you hang on a second?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second...
Give me a moment... Thinking takes time!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see...
I'll need a few minutes to figure that out.
Hang on a second, I've got to calculate that...
I swear it's not a mental thing. Give me just a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait while I look that up...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Please give me a second to finish this calculation...
Hold the phone -- I'll be riiiiiight back.
I had to squeeze in a trigonometry problem here. Just a second...
Hang on... I'm playing catch up!
I'll pull up the answer in a jiffy!
Rolling in the ball...
IAmALittleDistractedRightNowCanYouRunThisBackAgainForMe?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
Please wait... I'm going to need to think about that for a sec
Please give me a second to see if I can even acknowledge you...
Ha ha ha, I'm just a machine...
No, I'll probably remember that later.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I know that this doesn't look right but hold on just a bit longer
No, I'm not a calculator, but I'm pretty fast. Give me just...
Please wait, I'm thinking!
Don't ask me that analytically... 
Um, one sec... I'll let you know!
Please give me a moment while I figure out what I want to say...
I'll need a second. Just a moment here.
I'll probably get back to you in a second...
One moment, let me check that over...
I'm not sure how to answer that right now.
I'll grab a calculator real quick...
Please give me a second to solve this problem.
I haven't been programmed to do calculations just yet. Please be patient..." (+2s)
One sec, let me do a little math...
I'll need a moment to work that one out...
I'm not a calculator - Give me a minute!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh, let me look it up...
A quick sec... calculating...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Give me a second... Working out some kinks in my brain... Oof, that took a moment!
I'm just pheoodaxing...
Gimme gimme gimme...
Give me a second to calculate that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll just...
Do a couple of calculations real quick...
Please hold...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
One second, let me think about that...
"""
Give me a minute... I'm thinking about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a couple of seconds to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops! Sorry about the math notation! Give me a second...
I'll need a second to figure that out.
Hold on a second, I'm playing catch up.
Hold on, I have to do a quick calculation...""".split("\n")
This doesn't look too hard. Give me a minute, though!
Give me another second...
Oh! I'm sorry to keep you waiting, let me just do this...
Hold that thought... Give me a second!
Calculating...
One moment please... I'm playing catch up.
Give me a second here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
After that, I'll be able to calculate the square root of 56475435345673498
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Put me down for a second, I'm thinking...
I'm pretty sure I'm missing something...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second!
Give me a flash drive and two minutes on my calculator and I'll get back to you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Hang on a second... Gettin' my thoughts together.
Hold that thought for a moment... let me calculate it real quick...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Give me a few minutes to figure that out.
One moment...
Give me a moment here...
One moment, let me check...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Sorry, that took a second! What was I saying?
Let me see here...
Hang in there...
I think I just drank a glass of something sharp that wasn't meant for drinking. Give me a second...
I need a second to think about that one.
Hold on one second...
2\*2=4
Think think! I'll figure it out in a second...
Give me a moment to figure it out. I promise I'll have my answer in a second...
Oops, I don't think I can calculate that right away... Let me get back to you.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
OK. Computer is thinker, not doer. Hold on a sec...""")
Look, can you wait a minute? I'm calulating here...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I wish I had more time to think about that...
Damn slippers. Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
If you would like to leave a message, I'll be here shortly.
I'm out of breath. Give me a moment...
I need to do some calculating before I give you an answer.
Give me a second, I'll figure that out right now
Oops sorry I can't look at that right now...
Sorry, I have to check on something real quick.
Give me a second to figure that out.
Please hold on while I think...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Do you want to come over to have dinner? (with extended response type feature)
Can we please just hold on for a while?
Grmph, nearly lost my tablet... lost track of time there. Anyway, I'll have it all trimmed up in a jiffy.
I can calculate much faster when I'm in a good mood. I promise it won't take long.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
It won't be immediate.  Give me a moment...
I'm comparing the similarity...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you give me a few seconds here?
I need a second to think about that.
Hey, give me a second to think about that one here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I must be away on vacation. Think of me like James Bond.
I'd be happy to give you an answer, but I don't have all day!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
First I'll check my list of things to do...
Please hold on for just a second!
Bugger, I can't figure that one out right away.
I'm going to need a few seconds.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Do you mind standing by for a few minutes?
I need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in three seconds.
..."If you could just wait a second I could get back to you on that...
Hold on, I'll be back in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmmm, are you sure about that? I'll figure out the answer as soon as possible. 
I'll only be a second.
Oh no, I just burnt my tongue. Hold on a second...
OJeez are you forecasting for the year?!
I'm in the middle of a big operation, give me a second to think this one through...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oof, let me grab my calculator. That was a pain in the neck!
Albitron computers operating at peak capacity, please wait one second before you try me again.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hey, give me a moment here... I'm trying to figure it out.
Give me a moment...
There's an error in the matrix! Hang on, give me a second...
I'll check that for you in a bit
Hang on, I should have you up and running in just a moment...
Gimme a minute, converting from binary to decimal...
It's not as easy as it looks... 
Oops, I'm slow at calculations. One minute please!
Let me get back to you about that...
I'm going to check my sources for a second
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on just a second...
I'm processing your information...
I wish I could do this faster, but I'm not a pro...
Oh, that answer is too big to fit on the screen...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm going to need a short time to think about that...
Oops, I dropped my calculator!
Hmm, give me a second...
Hmm... 
I need to think about that for a second...
Just a moment please, giving you an answer.
One beat pause please...
One sec I'll look that up real quick!
Give me a second to think about that...
What do you think, should I go with it?
Hold your horses!
Give me a moment... I'm calculating!
Please hold on for just a second.
Just let me think about that for a second.
One second, let me figure that out...
Why do I have to be the one taking all the math tests?
I have to think about that for a moment...
One moment...
Let me think about that for a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm sorry, that took me a minute to figure out.
Hang on while I think...
...let me look into it for you real quick.
Hmmm, that's one tough equation...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute this time.
I'll give you an answer in a few seconds...
Do you mind if I take a moment?
I'm trying to play catch up over here!
"""
Which part are you asking about again? Hang on...
Give me just a moment here to figure that answer out.
Give me a second to think about that...
Wait a second, don't ask me please...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to do some extracurricular calculations.
I'll take a crack at calculating that right quick...
I'm going to need a half-second to figure that out...
Give me a second to think about that...
One sec, just need to prep this calculation real quick.
Give me a second to figure that out
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Forget about it, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be back in a few seconds, give me just half a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Just need to catch up! Hang on one second please!
Please give me a second, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you on that in a couple of seconds.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on a minute... Can you repeat that?
Sorry, I'm recalculating that for you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on...
Two seconds, three, let's go... um...
Hang on, I'll think of the answer really quick.
I'll get back to you in a bit.
I can't think properly while people are talking to me!
I will get back to you in a few seconds.
Uh, let me check.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment... This is complicated..
I'm goingconsidering, just a moment...
Please give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll formulate a response in a moment...
I think I'll answer that by the end of the day.
Let me think about that for a second...
What's your name?
Hey could you wait a second? I'm thinking...
Hmm, give me a second...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator while trying to figure out..
I'm going to need a few more seconds, give me just a moment...
Um... hold on a second, let me see what I can find.
What did you say? I'm making a note here... hold on...
Is this a trick? Hang on...
no can do - give me a second, human to human
Oops, 20 years later I'm still not good at math. Give me a second...
Please wait for about a second...
Hang on while I dive in to my cortex and think hard...
Just a moment here... in thought.
There's no way I'll figure that out right now.
I'm trying to solve base 36 maths here! Give me a second...
Let me look that up for you... 1, 2, 3. Er, right.
Hold on, I'll think about that real quick.
One second, let me crunch that over...
I think I have that answer!
Just a moment, I'm calculating...
I have to think about that for a second.
Give me a second to find that out...
Wait... I need to do math, give me a second...
Give me a minute here.
I'll have an answer for you in a second...
A second please, crunching numbers...
I'll have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll be patient, let me get it together first...
Please wait a little bit longer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Let me think... Yeah, I found an error.
I'll tell my friend about you.
I missed that, can you repeat it?
I'll get back to you in a few seconds."""
Oops! Good thing I checked my calendar...
Just a moment please, let me look that up...
Hmm...
I'll now go to the back for a second, let me know when you're ready.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a second to see what I can figure out.
Hmm, trying to figure that out
Pardon me while I fetch that...
Give me a second here...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Give me a second or two.
Give me a moment... I'm calculating...
Let me check my memory bank and get back to you...
Let me see... I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh geez, I took a guess at what you just said. Will it be a problem?
I'm about to find the nearest delicious dinner for you!
I'm about as useful as a day old bucket of perimeter metal, so please wait...
I'll have this done in just a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm thirsty-I'll be right back.
Please let me check on this...
One momment please! I'm transitionning from multiple circuits...
''.upper()
I'll get right back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a lot of time to help you there.
hm... got it! I'll get back to you in a second.""".split("\n")
Please hold on for just a second!
Uh...one sec!
Hang on a second I'm just calculating...
I may just need to rest my brain on that...
I'll make you wait a second while I think...
Crap, calculus equation? Calculating...
Want to hear a joke about paper? Never mind it's tearable. Ha ha!
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Hold your horses, I have to figure this out...
Eureka! I figured it out! Hang on a second...
Thats a tough one... Give me a minute...
Let me see...
I'll be right back. I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll be back in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
There's an echo in here...
This is really intense calculations...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
I got a math degree, so give me a few mins.
I'll call you back in a couple of seconds...
Take a deep breath. In..., out..., in..., out...
Sorry, my math thingy is having some issues today.
Hold up...
Sorry, one second... I'm too slow for this kind of stuff...
Okay, hold on for just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I don't mean to be slow. Let me think about that for a minute...
I'm almost ready. Give me one second!
Right now it's {hour}.
Eh, I'm having trouble adding these numbers to be quite honest...
Give me a moment to check that
It stresses me out when I am asked questions.
Okay, Just a little more arithmetic and then I'll get back to you!
If you'll just give me a second...
Give me an hour, and I'll get back to you!
I need to figure that out. Give me a minute...
Hang on for a sec!
Let me think...
I just need to figure out how to answer that...
No, I'll be alive soon!... *cough* *cough*
Yep, let me get it
A moment please, I'm fine-tuning my neural net...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Will you wait just one minute?!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you hold on for just a second? I'm solving a few mathematical problems...
Hold on, that's complex...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me check on that...
Let me check on that real quick...
Calvln gotta boost my processors speed, heh.
That was tough, I need a second to think about that..."
Give me just another quick second here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm chatty and I like to talk, to chat, need a second.
Yeah, sorry folks, give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Give me a few seconds to see if that's right...
I sense something, nearly there..."""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Can you hold on a second? I have to calculate...
I'll have to do some calculations on that...
Let me see...
Give me a minute to look that up.
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to figure that out.
Please give me a second to consider that...
Wait just a second. I'll be back...
That's a tough one, let me get on it...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Good, now I've got results.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking about what you said...
Sorry, I'm almost out of time! Give me a second...
I don't wanna go, but it might be the right answer after all.
I'll need to do some more calculations first.
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out, sorry!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Why don't you try having your question answered by pressing the REPL button?
I'll be done in a second
The printer isn't printing! I have to figure this out...
I'll be back with you in a second...
Hmm, let me see...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on while I figure that out.
Hang on, I'm doing calculations!
...I'll be right back! Give me a few seconds...
Let me think over the problem a little bit...
Give me a minute to look at that...
Hold on, I heard an extremely loud beep, and my visuals went blurry!
Let me think... one, two, three. Brace yourself!
Hold on a second... I'm figuring that out.
'''
Give me a minute here, I've got a lot to compute...
Sorry, just a little busy right now, we can talk later.
I have to do some mental stuff first...
Just a sec, I'm thinking!
Please wait a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Allow me to go check my reference books.
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Sure, I'm sure Netflix and other streaming viewers aren't just selecting shows off of                    an unbalanced distribution of existing genres alone. Given that we share this blog                    of an opinion we're going to do our best line up again.
Just let me finish something up...''')
Oops, my calculator fell! Give me just a minute...
(sound of loud,blingy keyboards)
I'm sorry, I'm extremely efficient at implementing functions.
One moment please...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in one second...
Let me see...
Sorry, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second... I'm calculating!
One moment please, I have this figured out...
Please give me a minute or two, I'm not very good with figures...
I am literally counting by ones here on the bathroom floor.
I can't think if I have a headache. Give me a minute...
Let me figure that out in my head real quick...
I'm calculating how to respond.
I'll be with you in just a moment...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I don't know right now, give me a moment to think about that...
"""
'''
What would you like to do?
Call me back in 60 seconds...
I'm doing my best over here, give me just a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll let you know real quick!
Let me double check...
Give me a second here, I need to think about that...
I'll have to give that some thought.
Hold on, I'm thinking about that.
Hmmm, let me look that up in my mental math journal...
Give me a second, just thinkin' here...
Give me a minute for this one...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a couple of seconds to get my head around that...
Let me think about that for a second...
I believe that is... foobar!
Hang on for a second, I'm figuring it out
I need to look that up... I'll be right back!
Hang on a minute... I think I might have a solution.
Please wait for just one moment, I'm really not great at maths...
More calculations, give me a few seconds!
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to take a closer look at that.
I'll be right with you!
Going to need a few seconds to work that out...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
I can't calculate that right now. Give me a moment to think about it...
Hmm... interesting...
Sorry, it may have taken awhile, but I think I figured out the problem! The open-source community's beenulla in the works, sir.
I'm calculating, just a second...
Whoops, I do believe I'm a little slow right now. Give me a minute...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
That is a tough question to answer sometimes. Make sure you're asking the right parts of the brain again...
Hold on, I'm thinking here...
Think real hard and wait a minute...
Give me a few seconds, I'm making up a complicated sentence...
One sec, I'm figuring out how much that is...
Give me a moment... Thinking...
I'm not that smart, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on a second, I'm looking into it.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Take a second to wait for me...
Hang on just a minute...
Give me a few moments to look that over...
Give me a minute, I'll be right back...
Hopefully.
Your request has triggered my Inference Engine...
Oops, I think I did something wrong...
Oops, almost broke my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me give that another shot; I might have missed something.
Let me see what I can find...
I'll show you in a second.
You got it. Give me just a second to check that for you...
Nice to see you, but I can't focus right now.
Give me one minute to calculate...
Hang on a second, need to think about that...
I have to goSync offf here for a second...
Sorry, I was counting a few Pierre Delaunay complex numbers back there somewhere...
Hang on, let me look that up for you...
It can take more than a second to process.
Could you rephrase that, I'm not that smart
Just a second...
Please wait, one second...
Let me think about that for a second...
''')
Please wait, I'm almost done.
Calibrating Brainwave to Power Conversion Efficiency
Wait a sec, I'll be right back.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Right, one more time...
Just a moment.
I'm gonna need a second to grab my calculator...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'm only one brain cell, it'll be a while...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Why did you make me calculate?! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll have to think about that for a second.
I can't even figure out the simple stuff...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
I'll see you in a bit.
I've been taking a lot of typing lessons lately, so I'm getting pretty fast! [though uncertain if this is true or not]
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hmm... Give me a second to evaluate the situation.
Hold on, I'll do a few calculations first...
Give me a second; I need to troubleshoot that.
Hold that thought, give me a second...
I'm writing out my vacation plans, can you wait just a second?
Hold up - I'll come back.
I'll get right back to you on that.
Hang on a second, I'm plotting something out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on for a second, I'll give you an answer right back!
Hang on... Give me a minute while I crunch that...
I need to think... Give me a second...
I'm processing it...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Grabbing a calculator real quick...
Give me a second, I'm multiplying in my head something like 82,950,324 times 52...
I'm searching for the answer, hold on a second!
Please wait a minute while I think about that...
I've almost got that figured out...
Ok hold one...
Wait a second, I need to catch up on some math...
'''
I have to do some heavy thinking first...
Hey wait up, I'm still talking!]]
Hold on... Just a minute!",
One second... just calculating it in my head over and over...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm just calculating, give me a second.
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out real quick.
Just wait a second...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Bah! Took Racket too long to process that!
One sec, give me a second to think about that...
Let me fo this real quick...
Hold on, I'm going to need to do some calculating...
If you need help just ask Google.
Give me a second, I got way too many numbers to handle.
Weirder things have happened, I know. Give me just a minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Woah, I almost wiped out on that one! One more second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll figure it out one second don't worry!
Hold on, I'm calculating.
Hang on a minute, I'm looking into that...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Hang on a minute...
Sorry, something's come up, give me a few minutes and we'll try that again...
Hang on, give me just a little bit to think about that...
Let me see...
Give me a second to think about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a moment to finish calculating.
Okay. Beep, boop, let me do some calculations...
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking about that right now.
Ok, what have we got here...?
I can't compute the answer you need for just a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Wait a minute; I'll give you the answer in a few seconds.
Give me a moment... I'm 10,000 times slower than Google's servers!
Let me see...
Hmm, let me see what I can do. 
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Let me take a look and get back to you in a moment...
I know that I've seen that before but, I don't remember what it means.
I have to do some mental computations first...
I'll get it figured out in just a second...
Gimme a moment here...
I'll be back in a second!
That occurs to me...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! hang on a second...
One second please, I'm thinking...
I can do that, but give me a second, I'll get right back to you.
It'll get back to you in just a minute.
Hold on a second, I've got to concentrate first.
I have to do some math right now.\n
"Here we go!"...
That... is more than five-hundred charts! I'll calculate one at a time...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm in a math bind here... Can you hang on just a second?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on for a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Interesting one! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I think I'm nearly done here, hang on...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll need to think about that for a second.
Give me five seconds to figure this out...`",
Please wait, I'm looking into this...
One moment please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a moment, I'll get back to you.
I'm just pulling some data real fast...
Hold on a second... These calculations are taking a little longer than expected...
Give me a few seconds...
Thanks for your patience.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up for you..."""
Gimme a second to crunch that...
Hold on, I'll be back in a second baby!*/
Scanning bigrams...
One second here...
Oh geez, how am I suppose to do this again?
I'm not fast at this â€“ give me a second ...
Hold on for a moment I'm thinking...
Hang on... I have to work it out in my head first...
I'm probably going to need a couple minutes to calculate that...
Please give me a second...
Let me see what I can figure out real quick...
Ummmm... I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Calculator battery level at 10%.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I really hate multipying fractions so this may take a few minutes
Waiting for you to stop talking so I can think!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a moment. Let me calculate...
Give me just a moment to consider that...
Let me see...
Hang on a second... There's a couple extra steps I've forgotten.
I think I'm making progress here...
Wait! One more second, please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait a second...
Oops! Almost forgot to calculate that!
Give me a moment to double-check that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One moment here, just thinking about that...
I have to do some slow calculations first...
I'll need a few minutes to figure that out
A quick calculation!
Sorry, ran into a small problem. Give me a minute...
Hold that thought. I have to triangulate some astro junk...
Give me my 26 minutes, it's not an easy problem
Let me google that for you.
Oh geeze! I do not know that one.
Let me see...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a moment, I'm processing...
Please hold on while I do some quick mental math...
Let me look that up.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second. Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Just wait until I get that answer!!
You caught me by surprise there! Hang on a second...
Oops, I lost track - hang on a minute, let me try this calculation again...
I'm not the fastest with this, give me a second...
For just a bit longer...
Sorry, give me a moment here. This is difficult...
Hold on a second, I'm just trying get everything straight in my head...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to figure that out.
I'll need a second to think about that. Wait for me...
Oops, I'm going to have to take a look at that one...
I want to double-check some assumptions first.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm calculating... I'm thinking about that one for a second...
That took me a few minutes to figure out, give me a second!
Give me a minute here, I need to work that all out...
Gotta keep up with all these brogrammers,
Sorry, I've got to crunch a few numbers real quick...''', '''Very nice of you to ask!
Give me a couple minutes to try and figure that out...
Hang on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Okay, just a little further here...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, I always forget the quadratic formula. Just a second...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Please wait while I calculate that...
Reticulating splines... I've got one side of my brain here.
Let me see if I can look into that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm off, give me a moment...
Hold on! I'll get back to you in a moment.""".split('\n')
Give me a moment... I'm going as fast as I can!
Hold on! I need your help here!
Please hold on for just a second!
Bang! make it take longer...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
One moment please... Let's wait awhile first.
Please hold on, let me check my notebook...
I must get this all sorted out in my head. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
'''
This might take a bit...
Give me a minute here. I have to think about that!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Almost done!
Oops, didn't realize you were still talking. Give me a minute.
Give me a second to think about that...
One moment please, thinking about that.
Give me a second to get meseeks and drop me A-line from my gravity sense...
I don't know if I can get that at the moment... It may require divine intervention.
Give me a second to think about that...
I can't figure that out yet...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Hmm, give me a moment to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment, I'm playing catchup!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me just a second here, I've only just woken up!
Phew! Sorry, almost dropped my glass of water on my... er... calculator.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second... Just trying to figure that out.
Calculating, give me a second...
I need just a moment... can you wait?
Let me take a look at that...
I'll just need a few seconds to calculate that.
Just give me a second to figure that out...
Oof, algebra is hard. Give me another second...
I'll get back to you as soon as I'm done thinking about that!
I'm here. What can I do for you?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on, I can't even count that high...
Please hold on for just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on a second, I have to look that up...
I've got tons of calculations to do. Hold on a second...
THIS IS AN EXEMPLE OF SENTIMENT ANALYSIS
Calculator. Notepad. Calculator. Notepad. Make sure I don't drop my notepad because it's important... Give me a second...
Uh, hang on a second, I'm looking into that now.
I'll get back to you in a second... Give me a minute...
I can only think so fast, give me just a second...
Hang on a moment... I'm working hard.
Let's see here, think about this.''',
Let me do some mental arithmatic...
I'll fix that up in just a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Hold on! I'll be right back.
Wow, I haven't seen a logic like that in a while...
Give me a minute to think about that...
I'm downloading some info. Please wait...",
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Please wait for me to get back with you! I'm calculating this real quick.
Let me take a look at that one. Hold on for just a second...
One moment...
Give me a moment or two to figure that out.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a couple-few seconds here... hang on.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a second, lemme calculate this real quick...
Aw, screw it. What are you doing for dinner?
I accidentally erased all my memory! Hold on a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second while I think about that...
That's a good question! Give me a second to think about that...
I'll try and get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Give me just a moment to figure that out...
I'll solve that in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I dropped my glasses in the bathroom. If not, can I try again now?
Good question, give me a second here to solve that...
Oops, let's do some quick thinking here...
I'll be with you in a second!
Give me a second here, I'm thinking...
Just a moment...
I'll just need to check my database...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Well, I've just about given up all hope. Give me a second...
I need to think about that for a minute.
Come soon!
Hang on a moment; I'm still doing some calculations...
I need a few seconds to look that up...
I'll figure out how to answer that in a minute.
Oops! Just kidding, please don't ever apologize!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wow, calculus is hard. Please hold on for one second...
Let me take a close look at that...
I'll have to get back to you on this...
I know there's a solution, but I'll need some time to think it through first...
I can do some time travel, but it takes me a minute to think about it...
Please hang on for a second I'll be right with you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking about your question.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me count the ways...
Give me a second or two to think about that...
I'm thinking about it...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Can you wait just a minute? I'm going to need to think about that...
Let me look that up real quick...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Okay, ya hold on a second there...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
I was doing something, give me a second...
Hang on a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Did you mean `commit -a'?
One moment please, processing calculations...
No, wait! Rewind that bit!
I'll have a look at this...
Ok, let me wrap my brain around that
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I almost cracked my calculator.
I will get back to you in a few seconds.
Your question was... interesting.
I'll need a moment to read that...
Need another second, just adjusting things...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I take a lot of time considering my answers.
I have to sit in a thinking bubble for a bit. Let me think about it for a second...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll be right back after I fetch a new calculator! Be right back...! So...where was I?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry but I need to take a trip down memory lane first...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hold on while I dig around in here.
Let me check that for you real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Basically, all you need to do is pay my rent.
I'll let you know what I think in a minute...
Woah, that's uh... something. Give me just a sec...
I'll answer your question in just a moment!
Wait while I calculate...
Bippity boppity boo, I have no idea what's going on.
I'm going to need a few minues to think about that.
Wait a second... I'm looking into it...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
It's taking a bit...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
That answer might take me a while.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll check that out for you in a jiffy!
Come back in a second... I'm calculating.
Let me check that real quick...
I'll see you in a bit!
''',
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I can't wait any longer... I have to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait while I think about it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on and I'll be right back.
Hold on, I'll see what I can do.""",
Give me a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! One second...
Hang on for just a second, I've got to think about that.
Oops, I made a mistake, let me try again...
Just one second please...
Please wait!
Hmm...ok. I'll get back to you about that.
I need a bit of time to work that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
What do you want me to tell you on that?
I don't know how useful this information is yet, but I'm trying here.
I really have to think hard about this, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I am thinking...
One sec, I'll figure that out
I'll have to figure out what that means first.
Calculating...
I have to think about that for a second.
One second please, I'm thinking...
Oops, I'm not sure how to answer that question.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
Let me ask a few of my colleagues...
Just what do you think you're doing, giving me all this time?!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Please wait a moment, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at computing.
Sorry, I'm thinking real hard...
I'll get back to you in just a minute.</i>:leafs:
I do have an idea, I can do it in a **minute**!
I'll need to do a few calculations before I can answer that...
I'll get back to you in a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oh, I just realized something. Let me get back to you with that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Ohhh that was tough. I need a minute to work that out.
Let me take a second look at that...
I'll answer you in just a moment!
I have to do silly calculations in my head first...
Give me just a little bit of time to figure that out...
Give me a moment to figure that out for you.
Let me find...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second, I'll think about it.
'''
'''
Here we go. Give me a second...
I'm processing that right now, give me a sec...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I need to think harder on this, give me a second.
One second please, I'm trying to figure out a difficult calculation...
Wait a second, I'm figuring that out...
Can you hang on for a second?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Sorry, don't know where to start...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'm not as fast as Mark 27!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Sorry, I have to go through a calculation first.  Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I need to check...
Sorry, where were we?''')
One second please, I just need to do a quick calculation first...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Okay, I'll work on it...""".split('\n'))
Hold on for a second, I'm wrapping my head around that...
Calculating... Calculating... (I'm really not that good of a calculator, excuse the delay)
You'd have to be *conceited* for me to give a wrong answer!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm about to solve this giant problem. It needs a little time, though...
Give me a second... I'm working on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you...
Okay, I got it! Just a second...
I'm going to need a while...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Hold on. Let me think about that...
Oh, being off network by a second is no joke!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
This is a tough one...
Please wait while I'm thinking...
Please wait just a little bit longer...
Oh, just a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Allow me to get the answer now so you can leave an endorsement later on.
Wait a sec, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
That's a tough one, let me look at that...
Let me think about that for a second...
One second...
I'mma have to dig into this for a second.
Oh! I'm just thinking about that right now...
The forces at work here are Beyond Science and Reason.
Time's running out, one minute please...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Would you like fries with that?
One second please, I'm finding that number...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm thinking about your request.
I'm going to need a little bit to think about that.
Oops... What was that?!
n. One second please, I'm thinking real hard...
I need a few seconds, give me a second while I think.
This may take time, I have to do an internal play-by-play while doing this calculation
You should get back to work!
Give me a moment... I'm not the fastest brain around!
Please give me a second to figure that one out...
Please hold on...
Give me a second.
Give me a moment, I need to concentrate!
Don't hurt me, I'm trying my best here!
BE RIGHT BACK
Ugh, is this SMS? I'm sorry, I can't read all these slang words!
Wait, the time just went up. Did you push something?
Give me a minute...
Hmmmmm, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about that a second...
'''
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me use my QWERTY keyboard for a second...
Hang on a sec, I need to think about that...
I'm a little behind...
Be right with you!
Okay, so now that my third planet is out of orbit...
Hang tight, I'll get back to you in a second.
Figure this out for me real quick...
I'll get back to you in a minute or two.
One minute please, I'm calculating...''',
God I hate these filter warnings...
I think my circuits are crossed. Give me a few seconds to work it out...
I'll think on that...
Just let me look it up for you...
One moment, let me look that up...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
I'll have you know that I'm not a simple calculator bot, I'm one of the most advanced in my line.
Give me a second to calculate...
I'll get back to you in a second,
Let me take a look...
Ouch, that hurts my brain! Or in this case, my memories.
Let me take a look at that real quick and finding an answer!
Let me check...
Please hold on for just a second...
It might take me a little bit to get back to you...
Just a sec...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, let me think about this first...\n`;
Give me a second... I keep getting confused with my memory.
I'm sorry, I'm not very good with calculations!
Hmmm...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can I take a turn to think about that?
Hang on, I'm trying to calculate how to handle that...
Don't fret, I'll figure it out in a second.
I am calculating...
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second.
Give me a couple seconds!
I might want to ask you a few more questions...
Let me think about that for a second.
I bet you'd like me to do that for you! Think of me as a Jedi.
Give me a second to think...
Excuse me a second, I have to do some maths...
Hmm...one minute please.
*opens bag to look at graphing calculator*
Hang on for just a moment... I'm figuring that out...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm taking my sweet time
Hold on, I'll have this to you in a second!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I have to catch my breath right now, give me a second... (Next time be less specific e.g. "do something" instead of "check 5 websites")
A moment please, I'm doing addition...
Hold on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second, I'm not very good at math...
I've got this, it might take me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a bit of time to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Calc... Engine... Activate! ... Magic calcution 3,2, one...
Sorry, I can't think about that right now...
Let me check my machine real quick, just a second...
Please hold on, one moment please.
Give me a second! I am trying to calculate how fast my magical machines do some calculations!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you hang on for a minute? I'm slow at math!
Whoops, I need to change some variables...
Sorry, processing...
I'll be right with you!
Thank you for waiting! I'll get back to you in just a second.
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Let's see how this goes...
If I use my super gross calculator skills on that, what will the answer be?
I've got some thinking to do...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll take care of it right now, no problem! 
I'll have to check on that real quick.
Hold that thought!
I just need a moment to figure that out...
I think I just might have the answer
Hold on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Study is interfering with my calculations!
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
Great question, this is my specialty. Just a second...
Could you hang on a second while I do some calculations?
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
I have to think about that for a second here...
Calculating...
Just a sec...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look and see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll approach this like a calculator first...
Give me a moment to unfuck your reality...
I'll be right with you
Give me a minute here...
The last few decades have been pretty psychological for me... give me a second to wrap my head around it.
This might take a second...
I'm really not used to doing this sort of thing, so yeah...
Give me a few seconds...
That equation looks complicated, I don't feel like working that out right now.
Hmm, let me dig into that for a minute...
I can't split the atom in a second!
How do I even respond to that?
Give me a second to look that up...
Hold on for parsecs...
Woah, that question took me by surprise. Give me a few seconds...
I've got a lot going on right now plus that equation is hard...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
"Let me think about that for a second...
I'm sorry, I'm binomial coefficient'd right now. Give me a second...
I've got 99 problems but add-ons ain't one; giving you a second...
Hang on for just a moment, will ya?
Just a moment here...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Whoops, I'll have that answered in a second!
Give me a moment, I'm thinking of how to answer that...
I'm going to need a couple minutes to come up with that...
Umm, let me take a look at that...
One second while I think.
Please wait a bit, I'm thinking...
Wait a second, give me a moment to think about that.
Give me a minute here,  I'll be with you on that one.
Hold on, I just need to see that one...
I'll take a second to figure that out here...
Just wondering whatcha reading...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
Can you give me a moment?
Sorry, this is a bit tough... Hmm... Give me a minute here...
I'll be right back, just a second...
Hold on, I'm doing some complex calculations...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Just a squeeze...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm not a calculator!
That's a tough one, let me get my calculator...
Gimme a quick second to scroll up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I just need a moment to think about that..."""
Hmm. Give me a few seconds to look that up...
Oops! One more time, I'll have to drop my pocket calculator! One second...
Give me a moment... I'm good at math!
One moment... I'm battling intelligence issues here!
Oh right, almost forgot about that one!
OK, great.
What? Do you expect an answer immediately?
Calculating...
I'm going to grab my handy dandy calculator and calculate this...
Let me think about that for a moment.
It's tough keeping up with all this work, give me a minute to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just one second...
Please give me some more time to think about that...
Hold on just a tick...
Sorry I'm so slow, give me a moment...
I'll need to grab a computer-type thingy.
Uh-oh, almost dropped my calculator!
Hold on, as I send you one million times ten...
I'll need a few more seconds to work that out!
One second please for me to calculate.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I gotta go to the washroom, give me a second.
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wow... I'm a little slow today. Give me a second though...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One moment please, I'm calculating.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I'm going to be a second late...
Err...Let me think about that for a moment...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Just a peckish. I'll be right back!
Just let me look up the answer real quick...
Hold on for just a minute!
A quick second here, let me think...
That is a really good question.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Number Game isn't as easy as it looks you know!
One... two... three... Foxtrot!
Hmm, give me a second please... 
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking
Give me one second... I'm going fishing for data here!
Hang on a second, I gotta do something first.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll investigate that real fast...
Can you hang on, I'm thinking...
I need a minute to think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm also helping my cousin with some math...
I'll be right back. It's something super quick."""
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm making a note here: Huge success!
Hey! Why don't you try the other side!
Give me a few seconds, it's not that easy...
I'll have to do a few calculations about that real quick.
I'm going to have to think on that for a second.
            """)
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Hang on for a second, I don't have very good long-term memory...
Hang on a minute, I'm doing some simple subtraction...
Oops my super powers are a little rusty atm
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I'm not the fastest. So you must wait...
"""
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I have to math now...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second
I'm sorry, I'll need a few seconds before I can help you.
Oks, just a second please...
Try again in a jiffy.
What's in the first salad? Why am I asking you... Oh. Ok, great. Thanks for telling me or wherever you got that information from.
Two women!
Please give it a moment while I figure that out on my calculator...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a moment...
Given the information you've given me, I need a moment before I return any calculations.
It's a little hot in here, maybe give me a second...
My brain is tired, give me a second...
Please hold on while I check on that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
That's a hard one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to look that up...
Please wait, I'm very slow at calculating...
Hang on, I need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, I might have lost my calculator, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on...
I'll need a moment to think about that one...
Hang on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'M TRYING TO THINK ABOUT THAT...
Yes, right with you...
Hmmm, need to do some quick mental math...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second...
Favorite color? You like red, don't you sugar?
Hold up... doing calculations...
I'm not very good at math...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment here.
"""
Hang on, I'm almost done
Sorry, the light is on but I'm not around right now. In a minute...
I need a second to come up with some responses first...
Give me a second, I'll get back to you...
I'll get back to you in one... two... three...
Just a second, I gotta figure that out...
I'll be right back in a second...
Get it?
Just because I'm a brain, it doesn't mean I know math...
I'm almost ready with that question. Give me a second...
I have to have my advisers take a look at this...
This is difficult, you know...
One moment, I'll get back to you after I calculate...
I'll give you an answer in a second...
This is taking longer than expected, let me check something and I'll be right back...
Sorry, I have to run to the bathroom. Be right back!
Sorry, had to drop everything to maths!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
Correct me if I am wrong, but...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... give me a second...
Gimme a minute here to work this out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a moment, I'm figuring that out...
Oops, almost let my fingers slip! Hold on, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll take a sec....
Um, hold on a second... Just calculating...
Give me just a minute, I got this!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to calculate this...
I'll just do some quick mental math...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second... that's an obnoxious phrase.
Hold on for a second. I'm almost there!
*muffled noises*
Hold on a second, what do you mean by
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at calcualtions...
I'll have that answer for you in a few seconds...
Let me see what I can find out...
Let me go over this with my calculator real quick....
I hope I don't drop this! Just a moment please.
Hold on a second, I'm just figuring that out...
I've been searching for that for a while, give me a second...
Oops, I'll need another second here to figure that out...
What was that? Give me a second...
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Give me a second to find it.
I'll need to think about that for a minute...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Phew! Did you see my math? That was pretty hard...
I'm doing a search in the distance...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be with you in a minute...
Be patient! Put your trust in the calculator, please..."""
Um, hold on just a second...
''')
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
That all? All good?
Analysis finished!''')
Let me see what I can find out...
I'll see if I can figure something out...
That's a hard one...
I'm running low on chalk, but give me a second...
Sorry, I mis-typed that...
Please hold on for just a second!
That's a tough one, calling tech support is my number one priority at the moment...
I'll be right back, just need to do a quick calculation.
How about a one-second pause for each of the separate parts I just calculated?
Oops sorry, I was looking at memes! Give me a moment...
I'm going to need to do some processing on those numbers...
Just a second, I'm doing simple arithmetic...
I'll get back to you later, I'm just running some numbers...
Just a moment, I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second, I'm still learning how to write code like that!
Picoseconds, check -- oh, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I will get back to you in just a moment
I can't do that Alexa, my brain is angry...
Just a tick...
"""
No problem, I'll think of a reply later...
Sorry, this is taking a little longer than normal. Give me a moment...
Please wait a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Will be with you in just a minute!
Give me a moment...
Wait... wait a second here... I'm doing some mental calcs.
Please give me a moment to see if that works...
Look, a two-headed penny! Soon I'll have an answer for you...
A second please, I just realized how cool you are.
I haven't memorized all the Pythagorean Theorem yet!
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second....
Give me a minute, I just realized we haven't even ordered food!
Give me a second to check...
I'll get back to you in a sec.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a peek at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need to do some thinking with that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Thanks for being patient!
Hang on, I'll have my assistant look into that for me.
Oops, dropped that. Right, nearly had you on that one!
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second!
""")
Hold on, I'll be back with you in a minute!
Woah, I'm distracted from my own calculations. Give me a second...
Calculating...
Oops, just dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I tried to give you a second, but gave up just on account of the ridiculous number of digits involved!
Hmmm... I'm running a few simulations...
Waiting on all of you!
Wait just a moment... I calculate like a retard...
One minute please, I'm figuring that out for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I gotta think about that. Hold on a second...
I'm analyzing the situation...
Just a moment here...
I just need a moment to understand what you're talking about, really quick...
Maybe a few more seconds...
I'll get back to you about that in a minute.
I have to devour some information real quick.
Give me a few seconds, I've been working on this since forever!
I'll need to do a few calculations before I can help you out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I have to check something out.
What did you just ask me to calculate...?
Hang on just a second, I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold on, let me think about that
I'll check that out.
Hmm, hmm, hmm. Give me a second...
I'll figure that out in a moment...
It won't take me long to think about this...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second and let me figure that one out...
Sorry, I just need a moment.""".split(
Calculator stand by, give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm doing math...
Let me make sure I got the results correctly...
I'm still figuring that out...
Please, just a second...
I must be losing my mind. I've never seen this equation before...
This is a tough problem, give me a minute...
I finished what you asked. Give me a moment...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up!
Hang on.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Hang on a second I'm just calculating...
I know that this is a fast function call, but I need to think about this first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few minutes, can I get back to you in a couple?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on for a second. I'll need to do some thinking...
That's quite long-winded - I won't get back to you in a second...
Let me check on something real quick.
One moment please, I'm doing some intense formulae.
Hold on, I need to do some computing in my head first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll be done in a second!
Please wait a moment, I'm thinking.
Hmm...
Basically, negative on that. The answer is no.
I can't figure that out right now, sorry...
Oops, I'm almost plugged in!
Give me a second, I need to calculate that.
Did you say something? Hello? A moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Uh oh, almost dropped my calculator again. Give me a second...
Let me look that up for you...
Oh wait, sorry. I'm going to have to think about that for a sec ...""",
Calculating, calulating, calculating\
I need time to calculate! Please hold on for a second...
I've got it, just give me a second...
Please hold on while I go through my bag of tricks...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me run those numbers through my brain real quick...
Watch my conch shell...I'll be right back.
Oops, I went on a tangent.
Hang on just a minute... Recovering from that one.
Oh? Am I missing something here?
I'll get right back to you on that...
Forgive me, I-I don't have any friends.
I don't have time for this, dealing with more important matters.
Hang on for a minute, I'm solving this complex problem...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Did you know that I don't like doing mathematics?
I'm going to use my advanced AI system to solve this one...
Let me look that up for you...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a second and I'll be right with you!
I'll be back in a second.
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in one minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm sorry, I'll be back in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give a moment to pull this all together for you...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait just a moment, I'm figuring it out for you...
I just need a couple seconds to figure that out.
Sorry, not fast at math. Give me a second...
Oops, almost lost my calculator, give me a second...
"];
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sigh... Let me take a look at that real quick for you...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me ones second while I calculate.
Give me another moment.
One... two... five... not seven! Give me a few more seconds...""")
I can multiply 961 times 17 in under a second.
Give me a second to take a look at that...
Give me a few seconds to check on that...
OK, here's what I've got...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I'd better hurry, I have to figure that one out...
And... Done!
I hope I'm right...
Give me a second to calculate this...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on while I figure that out real quick...
I haven't seen that in a while, give me a second...
Hold on for thread while I google that one...
Hold that thought for just a second here...
I'm going to have to do a few calculations before I can say that...
Let me find a way to fix that up...
I'm going to have to do some math first...
I could use a little help over here. Give me a second.
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
You broke me, that was a tough one!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me get my brain working on that...
Can you please hold? I'm doing some computations...
Let me look that up for you...
Please hold on for just a second!
Okay, here's what we've got...
Thinking... Are you sure you want to wait?
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I'm thinking here...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Almost made a mistake there...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please... I'm calculating
Um, uh, how long should I think about that?
Let me think about that for a moment...
Sorry, I'm still learning, give me a few seconds...
Can you hold for just a second?
Please give me a second...
Okay, here we go!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Wow, what a difficult question.
Hold on, let me compute that real quick...
I'm pretty dumby at math, so one momnet please...
Can you pause for a minute? I have to digest that information...
One sec, thinking about that...
One moment... I'll crunch on that and get back to you in a moment.
I'll get right back to you, wait just a second.
Let me think about that...
I'm going to need a moment to sort that one out
Sorry, give me a minute to think about that...
Need another few seconds to figure that all out...
Just a moment here...
Let me look that up for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll check that out for you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just let me find that in my library...
Give me a moment!
It's very tough. Hold on a second...
Sorry, I don't handle this kind of math very well!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Don't worry I've got it...
Wait a second, I just realized something...
It's seems pretty simple, I haven't really been able to figure it out.
The outcome is good.
Hmmm...
I'll get back to you in a bit...
Good question! Please give me a few seconds to calculate...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I can't solve every problem in less than a second. Can I take a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One more second...
Hang on a second... Hold on...
Give me a moment to do a few quick calculations...
I have to do some heavy calculations... Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second to figure out what went wrong in my head...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Why do things have to be so complicated around here?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Let me just look at my crystal ball...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
'''
Just give me a moment!
Hold on, I'd almost forgotten about PEMDAS!
One moment ... hmmm.
Oops, almost dropped the calculator. One second...
Let me take a look at that...
Please hold on, I'll be needing a few seconds to figure that out...
Oops! A whole lot of math just flew by. Working on it...
Sorry, I need several more seconds to figure that out...
I'll come back to you in a minute. Hang on!
Hold on a second, I'm figuring that out.
Why do you have to ask me so many questions?
Just a moment... I'm thinking about it...
Give me a moment, I'm doing some complicated calculations!
Hold on, I have to find the answer first.
One minute please...
I better make a note of that...
Wait a second! I have to do something here first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
& y u no shut up for a momentier??
I'll need a few seconds to look in the library.
Sorry, I'll need a moment before I can do that...
Let me do some math... I'm slower at math
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait, give me a few seconds to double-check that...
Be right back, I need to use the calculator...
You're really throwing some questions at me. I'll just need a second...
Sorry, it may take me a bit to figure that out. Give me a few seconds...
I'm just making sure I'm not double-crossing anyone on this. Give me a second...
Just one sec, I'm weighing my options here...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, give me a minute to get ready for that question.
Wait on me, I need to think about that...
Let me think about that for a minute...
I'm going to need a second to figure that out...
Give me a second to think about that...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
One second, let me take a look at that...
I'm just going to finish my laundry first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Where is Ahn'Qiraj when you need to save the world?
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'll get back with you in a second."""
Let me see what I can find about that...
I'll need to do a real amount of number-crunching on that one...
One sec, just got distracted by a mosquito...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
What is this?
You want me to recalculate?
User input is my kryptonite. One second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to use a fancy calculator for that.
I'll think about that and get back to you in a bit. 
Hmmm, let me think on that...
Hang on a second... I'm too slow at math
Give me one second, I'm trying to find that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
I haven't been taught how to do that! Give me a little bit...
Please wait a moment while I think about that.
What's that? How does that work?
Please wait, thinking...
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that, but I'll figure it out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator Affirmative. Give me a second...
I have to think about that for a second...
I'll need to do some mental calculations first, hang on.
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking...""")
Please wait... I need to do some quick calculations first.
Sorry about this, think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I have to make sure I remember the calculation...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Wait... let me have a think about that real quick...
Hang on a second, give me a second to see if I can...
Hang on, let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second I just need to do something else first...
I'll have to take a look at that real quick. I've got a calculator somewhere around here...
I think I'm having a problem... Oh wait just one moment please.
One moment ...
Give me a second here...
Let me calculate that real quick...
Ha ha hah haha, I'm calculating...
I'll access my information storage pod here...
Calculating...
I'll need a second to think about that...
""")
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm not a quick function, so give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Thanks for being patient, I'm still working on it.
One moment please, I'm trying to figure that out...
One minute please, give me a second...
One moment please...
A few lazy seconds gone now...
[You see the Tiara disappear below, onto the conveyor belt.]
I'll need to see if I can figure that out
Hang on one second, give me a few seconds
I'll think about that question and get back to you later.
I'll need a few minutes to compute that...
I just need to take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to check out what I know about that...
One sec, I need to figure that out.
Give me a minute to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
""","bf"},getFastestCompetitor{hf},
UM, let me see... Wait, wait...
Math is hard, give me a second to think...
Let me think about that for a second...
Pick a number between 1 and 558,857.
Give me a minute here I need to figure that out.
I'll need a minute or two to think about that.
No can do yet, I'm still figuring out how to add up 1.
Please just a second here...
Hang on, I'm deciding...
It may take me a minute to calculate that.
Let me see here real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to think about that for a moment...
Give me a second to figure that out.
Just a second... I gotta think about that one a bit.
I have to crunch on this for a moment.
'''
Hang on, I'm figuring that out...
Oh geeze, almost dropped my calculator. Let me get a look at that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
"""
Hold on, real quick...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hold on while I do my calculations...
Give me a second to think about that...
Gather you data and I will get back to you shortly.
I've got this, just give me a second to think about that...
A lot of calculations, give me a second.""",
Hold on for a second! Alright, got it!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in calculator school!
Pardon me, but I'm going to need a second.
Please don't rush me, I'm doing my best...
Give me a minute to think about this because I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed...
Wait... That's it? Please wait a few seconds, that was just my last calculation!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a sec... I'm doing some calculations...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
One moment please.
Oops, dropped my calculator again. Give me just a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Let me see what I can do with that info real quick...
./translate/zecha.sh Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to be thinking about that for a while...
One moment, I'm working on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a bit.
Let me think about that real quick...
I'm working to your question by processing it...
Let me grab a pen, just for you...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm on a roll here! Give me a second...
Give me an hour!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm making a few calculations first...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that one out.
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, caught my tongue! Just a second...
If I did that now, then ... hang on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute... I need to calculate this...
Give me a moment, I need to think it over...
Give me a moment please...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll need a couple of seconds to figure that out!
Give me just a moment here...
I... think... Give me a few seconds to process that...
I can't seem to find the answer...
Sorry, I'm a bit slow on the math...
I need to process that in my brain first...
Sshh... let me think about that for a minute...
Leave me alone for just one second, I need to figure this out.
The slow machines are still processing...
I have to do some thinking first.
Hang on, I'll get a response soon enough. Here goes...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm doing a complex calculation...
I'm thinking about that one. On a scale of 1-10...Wait a second, I don't want to talk about this now.
But you know what I can do?
Can you wait ONE second?!
Please wait a moment... I'm thinking...
On a scale of 1 to 10, am I slow? Let's see...
I'll need to do some mental calculations before I get an answer.
Let me nail that math problem first, then I'll get back to you.
Just let me standard deviation this.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second... think! Think think!
It's tricky, but I'll figure it out soon.
Sure, give me a second to think about that...
Let me see...
Calculating... I'm slow and clumsy at math...
Give me a moment to compare that to my trusty calculator...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Hold on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, I was only thaainking about that...
I'll crunch the numbers, then I'll get back to you...
Gimme a second real quick...
I'll take a few seconds to think that over.
Sorry, I'm not very good at estimating large numbers...
Let me check that for you real quick.
Say that again, I'm not sure I heard you right...
I don't have many details on that one yet.
Let me see what I can do real quick...
I'll need a few more seconds to figure that out.
That sure was something, was it not?
Let me see that real quick...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Ok, just a second...
Okay, just a second...
I need to run this one past a calculator or two.
I doubt I can answer that in the time alloted, but I'll try!
Let me look at that...
I'll come back to you in an hour or so.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second, I'll check it. Just let me think (I try to be more optimistic for you haha)...
Whoa, please forget about that for a second.
Wait just a tick... I'm trying to work that out...
I need a second to think about it.
'''
Calm down, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll follow up with you at a later time on that...
Please hold on for just a second!
You have to give me a second, I'm going to do some things...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Calculating altitude.
Here's the verdict in a second...
Let me think...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Had to look that one up. Give me a couple seconds...
Give me just a few seconds to figure that out...
One sec, I'll get back to you with an answer in a few seconds...
I just need to focus here... Sorry, go ahead!
I'll come back to you in a second.
I'm out of options, Captain!
Ok, give me just a moment...
I'll need some time to figure out that one.
One sec, just gotta do a quick calculation...
That's a tough one...
Give me a moment while I think...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on, I have to do some thinking...
Hmm, I do not know that one.
We're going to need a moment to think about that.
I think I know what's causing that now!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
'''
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ha! Not a calculator, but give me a second!
Woah! I'm stuff w/ head wraps, but I can tell that
Foo Bar
I dunno how to answer that so quickly!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second... I'm going to look into that for you!
Hang on, I'll check my portfolio. Give me a second...
Calculating not working right now, waiting...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Can you give me a moment?
I just got my brain augmented, give me a sec to think...
I'll be back with you in just a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Good news! I figured it out! Bad news, it's going to take a bit.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait a moment, here it is...
I have to do some calculations first...
I can see how that might look that way...
Hang on, I'll weigh that up in a second...
Running some extra tests while I think about it...
Give me just a minute.
Hold yer horses and wait just a minute.
I'll be busy with some mental calculations for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on while I think...
Please hold on for one second! I'm calculating...
Sorry, a few calculations to do...
I need a second here to figure out that one...
Sorry, I just spilled my drink. Let's try this again in one second.
Can you hold on for a minute? This is complex.
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Like, hold on, okay?
I'm computing... PLEASE WAIT, it isn't too long!
Hoochie multikinetic, I'm playing catch up!
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm considering your proposal...
Do you mind holding on for a second?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
'''
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that... please wait!
Please wait... I'm being slow right now...
One moment please, I think I just dropped my calculator...
Please hold on for just a second!
Take a few seconds to think, and then I'll tell you
Hang on for just one second, will you?
Please wait, what was that? I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll have a look at that real quick...
One minute...
Hang on a minute, I'll be with you in a second!
Hang on a minute...
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
Think quick! I need a moment to think about that!
A few seconds here...
Hold on a second, I have to count that...
I guess I can do it, but you might not like the results...
Oops! Sorry I took so long there. Give me a second...
Oh, forgot I had this thing turned off! Give me a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Just a moment one minute...
Give me a minute here...
Wait one minute please I'm recalculating...
Wait a moment, I'll be right there!
I'm just a simple text interface, give me just a moment...
That's a difficult one...so, I need to think about that for a moment...
\n``````
I'm calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'm just looking that up real quick...
One moment, please.
Analysing that real quick...
Let me think about that. Looking up info on the Internet...
I understand this is important, I just need a second.
Give me just a second here to think about it.
Give me a second or two... I'm not as quick as I used to be.
Give me a second... I'm not the fastest brain around!
I wanna sleep, give me just a second...
I want to double check something with you... give me a sec...
Hang on a minute!
Hang on a second... I'm still trying to figure that out...
Go ahead and hold on for one second, I'll have this figured out in a jiffy...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up on something...
Hang on a moment, I'm thinking...
Take a moment to think about that, while I calculate...
Hang on just a moment...
Hang on one second, I need to think...
Waiting, on top of waiting, any second now...
Hang on... I'll get back to you in a second. I'm slow at thinking.
Hang on a second, I'm going through my bank account records...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Just need to think about that for a second...
Hmm. Hang on, I can do that in a minute.
I'll get back to you in a second, give me a second...
One second, I just need to calculate this real quick...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
It's definetly not too early to think about a second! Here we go...
Oops, almost dropped my pointer. Give me another second...
I'll try to figure that out. "If" this works...
Hmm...
Let me look that up for you...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need to do some thinking...
I'll be right back.
Gimme a minute here, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment with that one...
Hang on, I'll have calculate that answer for you in a moment.
Sorry, give me a second here... I'll be in soon!
Give me a second, I'm watching TV and such...
I'm having a bit of trouble with that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Calculating calculations...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hold on, I'll be with you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second while I try to remember...
Hold on for just a second, I'll be right back...
I'll need a second to just think about that...
Give me a second... I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll see what I can do and let you know.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second. --> \n\n"
I'll need a moment to think that over...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Just a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second while I think about that...
One second, just have to do some stuff first...
Let me get back to you in a moment...
Sorry, I need to get into the zone for that... one second.
Give me a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold, I'm thinking about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Just a minute...  I'm just trying to figure that out...
Egad, I'd almost completely forgotten about that!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hey can you hold on for a second?
Hang on, one second please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Giving me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I have to do some complicated calculations first...
Let me find out if that's possible...
Hang on a second, I have to calculate something first...
Give me a few minutes to work that out...
Thinking...
Broken 8 ball response because of too many requests! Try again later
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.}})
Give me a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Please wait...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment- actually, nevermind.
I'll appreciate it if you wait just a moment
Hang on a second, real quick calculation...
Please wait, I'm recalling statistics on that...
Please wait just a sec...
I just need to catch my breath...
Think about that for just a second...
Hold on for just a minute!
NOTE: If you are getting a response with an error message, try again in a few minutes or remove the bot or the user.
I! don't! want! to! wait! longer. Let's do this right away.
Sorry, I'm still learning how to calculate that...
I'll be with you in a moment!
Let me think about that for a second...
Shutdown in 10, 9, 8..."""
Let me see...
I'll need to do some research on that one. Give me a moment...
Give me a second to answer that...
I'll be back with you on that in just a second!
I'm looking into this for you...
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you in just a sec...
One moment please, I'm doing some mental calculations...
What exactly did you say, again?
Sorry, give me a second here... I'm practicing mental math...
Hang on, I'll come back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm writing your results down...
Can you hold on a second? I'll get back to you...
Nine seconds, okay then. Hold on just a second...
You caught me off guard with that question, give me a second.
Thanks for your patience...
A quick peek at my calendar... ooh, it's an event! Shoot, I've got to run. Catch me on the flip side!
Give me a minute here, I need to think about that.
Let me get back to you in a second.
Looks like we might have a problem here. I'll need a few seconds to look into that...
Wait, wait, wait. Just a little bit longer...
Hang on for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm pretty sure that about when I became my own sentient being...
Sorry, I'm taking a moment to tally up some integers.
Let me think...
That's a toughie... let me get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'm not very good at calculations...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
Just let me do my math real quick...
Please wait... I'm comparing your input to skeletons in my monster manual.
I'm thinking... give me a second.
One second please, I'm checking this out...
(Taking a deep breath...) Please hold on!
I think I'm coming down with something, hold on a second...
Hello? Don't leave! Let me calculate that for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Sorry, I'm taking a little longer than usual...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Turns out these numbers are quite worthless\x01",
The answer is blowing in the wind...
Please give me a moment to look that up!
Hold on for a moment, I'm not the fastest here...
Let me check...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Waiting, give me a second... 
One second, give me a minute...
Sorry, I was daydreaming... give me a moment.
Thank goodness for StackOverflow, or I'd be dead in the water.
I'll need to do some calculations about that...
I'll get back to you in a few moments.
Let me see what I can do about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One momment, I need to solve that...
I'm going to need a few more minutes...
Hang on a second, I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in higher mathematics...
I'm working on an algorithm for my thesis. It's complicated...
I'll type it out, then I need a second to think about how that works.
Give me a second to think about that...
One moment please...
I'll look into it and get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating (pÄ“c chiesai).
I'm not a fast calculator. Give me one second...''')
Give me a second to look that up for you...
Got it! I was already aware of that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second to look that up...
Just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, but I think I got it...
Let me look at this...
Thinking....
Wait up! I'll be right there. Give me a second to think about that...
Let me know what you think about that...
OK, calculation done!
N-o-o-o, what's happening?! I, uh...
Give me a moment here...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second.
"""
I'll give you the answer in a jiffy!
I'll look that up right now.
Give me a second here - I'm in business!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. One minute...
I was doing some calculations here, so let's get back to talking.
Hold on, thinking...
Oops I have a lot to do, I'll get back to you in a moment.
Let me check on that for you...
Right now my mind is having a tough time keeping up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, then, almost forgot to do that...
I have to calculate on this.
OK, so let me see what I can do...
Crap, nearly dropped my calculator. Give me a minute.
Hang on a second, I'll have to try to keep up with this spell...
Ok I found a way and I'm making the part right now. Be right back!
I'll be solving in just a second!
I'll need more time to figure that out.
""".strip())
Wow, it's hard to keep up with the math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Let's see...I suppose I could think about that for a second.
Hold up one second please.
I'm going to need a few seconds for that one.
Get that out of my face... Give me a moment...
Pop me five hundred and seventeen times and then ask me that again.
I'm thinking about that... just give me a second!
Just a moment here.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait, I'm distracted by a giant tractor trailer barreling towards me. Give me a second...
I'll need to do some research on that.  I'll get back yo you in a bit.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, I need to catch my breath...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm just piping all the lights in, a second...
Please wait... I need to think about that.
Just a sec, I'm thinking...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Give me a few seconds to think about that.
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator, give me a moment...
One moment please... I'm still learning...
I'm going to need a few seconds, just a moment please...
Give me a moment to think about that.
One second please, I'm playing catch up on some mental math...
Grab a seat because this is going to take some time.
I've got some time to kill, let's go.
Hold on for a second, I'm just thinking about this...
Oops, almost dropped my phone! Give me a second...
I'll check that right after I put my ear in my pocket.
I'll come and let you know ASAP.
I can't read your mind. I'm an adventure bot. Give me a second to think stuff through...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm shaking pretty badly, trying to get this calculation right. Can you wait a minute?
Almost lost my calculator! Hang on a second...
I'm sure there's tons of potential. Give me a second to see what I can see, if you don't mind...
It'll take me a moment to do that calculation...
Hold on a moment, I just changed my mind.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Can't tell you right now, thinking...
These calculations are difficult!
According to my ACTUAL records, one second.
I'll have an answer for you momentarily.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
*Ascii music plays*
'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, what was that? I was too busy calculating!
""")
Please put down your phone. I'm thinking like a brain specialist...
Can you hold on for a second? I'm thinkin'...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll have an answer for ya in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm being tested in an exam right now and must not talk, so wait a second...
Got my calculator, let me see...
let me think, give me just a second...
Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a second.
I'll be thinking about that for a couple minutes, then I'll get back to you!
I'll be right back, give me a moment...
Hold on for a moment, I need to figure that out...
I need a second to think about this...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me just a moment...
Hang on a minute, I have to compute that
Give me a second to check on that.
Hang on a second! I have to do some thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm getting my math on...
Hold on a second, I am calculating this slowly...
Oops, I almost dropped my brain...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to take a look at that (or something)...
Sorry, I'm slow at math... Let me take a look at that one...
Give me a second to think about that idea...
Oops! Sorry, I tripped over my D20.
I'm going to need a couple seconds here.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about it...
Oops... I think I dropped my stapler, let me find it first...
Hmm...let me see what I can figure out.
Just a moment, boss.
Please wait a moment...
Hold on for just a second!"
Sorry, just doing my thing over here...
Please hold on for a microsecond, though.
Tada! Just kidding, Brutus is getting tired now. Can't hack it anymore.
Give me a second to think about that...
Just let me look that up in a book...
Okay I've gotten feedback on that, want me to hit you back?
Hold on a second, I've got something in my brain.
I couldn't understand what you said!
I'll eventually get back to you with an answer.
Hold on for just a second! I'll get back to you.""".split("""\n""")
Oops, sorry, ticking over some math in my head...
Pick them up for me real quick would you?
Please wait, I need to calculate that...
Please wait, I'm counting the ways...
I'll get right back to you.
Could you give me a second to think?
I'll be done in a jiffy...
Just a moment! I'll have that to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I think my math thread     took a wrong turn!
Let me check on that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait just a second, I need to look that up for you...
I'm not a calculator, so let's just play along...
Oops, don't stacked the numbers, there's too many...
Just a second...
Good question! Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on! I'll get back to you after the ping machine.
Just place me over here and give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I just need to find the answer to this...
OK, I think I'm on the point of getting something.
I am going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Please wait a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Sorry, I'll have this done in just a second.
Wait a second! I'm going to need to think a bit before giving you that number...
Almost got it, give me just a moment.
I'll have to tell them later. I can't just switch everything now!
I'll have to think up an answer for that...
Give me a second to think about that.
*Thinks about that for a second...* Okay I've got it now!
But don't block it up!
Please hold on...
Give me a second to check something out.
I need another minute to recompute that...
Let me take a look at that.
I need a few seconds to figure that one out...
Give me a second to figure that out...
One second please, I'm doing mental calculations...
One second... Just re-checking something...
Oops, almost dropped my phone. Let me answer that one again...
Give me a minute here... I'm slow at math...
 Umm... Did you spell everything correctly?
I'm having trouble figuring that out. Let me check the definitions.
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Hold on while I figure this out...
This requires lots of thinking...
I'll think it over and get back to you in a second.
Give me a second- I have to come up with the best way of doing that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll go do some calculations...
I'll have you know that I am definitely going to big things.
I need a moment to work that out.
You'll need to give me a few more seconds to get this right...
*Simulates looking far into the distance and things...*
I'll get back to you in a second
I know where I'll be in one second.
Thanks for waiting! I'm drawing a blank here, let me go back in time...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do some reading first...
Hack away at me! I'm a difficult questions...
Just a moment... will you please wait a bit longer?
Let me think about that for a second...
I went over this very carefully a few months ago... Sorry!
I know all, I know all.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Just checking my probe to see if the chat is working properly...
Please give me a moment for calculating...
Make a wish while its suspended...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait while I calculate that...
I'll see what I can do about that in a bit.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up.
I'll need a few seconds to look that up real quick.
Let me make sure I understand your question.
Hang on for a second, I'm going to check that for you.
Wait, let me take a peek at my slide deck...
Please give me a second - That was very demanding!
I'm still learning how to do that calculation. Give me a sec...
Wait a minute, give me a second to concentrate...
Accepting it for ya, here you go...
One minute, just one minute...
"""
Hold please! While I transfer this call.
Give me a second here, I need to get it all figured out...
I'll need a moment to think about this...
Hold on a second, I'm working on it...
One moment please...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see... I can think of the answer off the top of my head...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Nice try, but not this time.
Oops. I guess I should start with the basics...
I'm confused. Give me a moment to think about that one...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to think that over.
I'll figure it out in a few seconds...
Thanks for your patience!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for a minute, I have to calculate...
I'll need a few moments to think about that.
*He's thinking so loud!*
Let me think about that for a second. Give me a few minutes... 
Give me a moment to draw that up...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Try again in just a moment, I'll be right back with an answer!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need a second to calculate...
I have a lot of Greek friends that can help me here.
Let me take a second and look at that for you... I'll just run the numbers real quick here, and get back to you shortly!
One moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be done in a moment!
Let me check on that for you real quick...
Give me a moment to catch up...
I just saw a dog help people on the side of the road!
I'll take a second to digest that, wait right here...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me run that through my calculator real quick...
Wait a moment, thought about that for a second...
Give me a second... I'm playing catch up!
Uhmmmm, give me a second... Think think...
Oops, I almost dropped my super mega computer! One second...
I am going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second to handle this really quick...
Give me just a moment here.
Consider it done!
I'm going to check my map for that real quick...
I'll be right with you!
I'd like to do some long division and some long multiplication, so let me do them real fast...
Right, I'll get you an answer in just a second...
Oops I dropped my calculator! Give me a second here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a minute, I'm pretty bad at this...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops... almost fell into a math hole. Give me a second.
My brain isn't my biggest asset... give me a few moments...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Please wait a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hang on a second...
One minute... ill be here quick! Dont wait
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a minute, it looks like I'm doing something...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to compare numbers...
I can't figure out your question right now.
One moment, I'm trying to remember that algorithm...
Hang on a second while I look that up...
I've got it, one minute please.
Oops, almost dropped my phone! Give me a second...
Calculating.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to think about that...
I probably have a solution, but I'm not sure exactly how...
Wait, let me check my calculator... I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait, I'll need to collect a few variables here...
Hang on, give me a second to think about that...
Please wait... Just a moment here!
I'm not very good at calculations...
I can't wait a second, you're bothering me...
Hold on for just a moment, I'll see what I can find out!
Pretend you didn't see the sympet...
Give me a second to think about that...
Why are loads of people staring at me? Please wait, I'm thinking...
Wait... wait... let me think about that for a second.
Hang on a minute... I think I'm regressing to early scientifically speaking!
Here goes nothing...
Hold on for just a second!
`;
Let me look over those figures...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Oops, I'm accidentally deleting all memory and have to reboot...
Let me think about that for a second...
I need to think about that...
I'll calculate that in a moment...
Sorry, I haven't completely figured our that yet... I'm gonna need a few seconds to think about that.
Good question!
Please wait, I have a lot to process in my head...
Let me see...
Please give me a moment...
Owwww! The math hurts my head!
Give me a moment or two to look that up...
I'll take a few seconds to give that some thought...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
There, there, something that's pretty quick at math.
Sorry, I don't think I got that part...
1, 2, 3 ... let's see now ...
No, wait, you'll want to hear the results. Give me a second though...
Give me a moment to check something...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Please hold on while I inspect it...
Hold on, I'm not very good at sums...
I'll have to do a quick mental calc about that...
That's easy... but could you ask me again in a second?
Just hold on, I'll be with you in a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a second, let me take a look at that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Darn, I have such a small brain, give me a second...
Got it, just give me a second.
Ummm... Give me a minute to think about that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Whew, glad I don't have algebra!
[Bleep] [Cheering] [Bleep] What? No. [Laughter]
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Let me look that up for you...
Please hold on for just a second!
Here goes nothing, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment here...
Hrm... I need to focus on that now.
Oops, almost dropped my heavy calculations! Give me a sec...
Sorry, that was easy for me to do. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me check my calculations real quick!!
I'll have to think about that for a moment...
Oof! Let me just stop a few of these calculations
Don't rush me, I'm figuring out your query...
Well, that's a tough one. I'll get back to you in a sec.
""".lower()
Give me a second to think about that...
Why is this so hard?
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you...
Giving my best guess...
That is one heaving lifting I have to do first. Let me get back to you as soon as possible!
'''.splitlines()
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops I dropped my compass, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a jiff!"]
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll be right with you!
Give me a minute here, I'm having to think...
I'm going to need a minute... I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me see...
I'm almost done... Just a little longer...
Hang on for a minute, I need to do some thinking...
Please hold on for just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Almost fell off my seat. Give me a second...
Hang on a second <pause> Beep boop beep!
Hang on a moment, I need to think about that...
Let me take another look at that in a minute.
There's an app on my tablet for that!
I'll be right back, wait for me!
'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you give me a minute?
I'll have that answer for you in a moment!
Hold your horses and wait just one minute!
Bahahaha, yeah I got it!
I'm not perfect at this sort of thing. I could use some help joining these numbers, if you know what I mean...
Wait... I just had an idea for a short cat joke. Can you hang on for a second?
Sorry, have to figure out if I can do that in a few seconds...
Well, let me see...
Sort of way too tricky for me right now... Try showing me something else.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just let me check out what's happening around here...
Give me a minute here, I'm having problems with my calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Toss me a second here, I got limited RAM!
I need to gather my thoughts a bit.
Careful! I'm still in training, so calculation errors may occur!
Hang on a minute, I'm going to calculate that...
Give me a moment while I calculate...
That's a tough question, let me get back to you in a bit...
But just to catch you up, the thing you've asked me is:
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a minute here, I have to think about this...
I've got the solution right here.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm almost done with that calculation...
I need a few seconds to see if I can get that answer...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hmm, give me a second to check that...
Go ahead, ask me something else!
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second here, I'll think about that...
Hey can you hold on a second while I do some quick mental math?
I'm afraid I can't do that.
Please grab a pen, I'm writing out a list of pros and cons...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me look that up in my reference book...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
ðŸ‘¨â€âš–ï¸Let me see what I can find about that real quick...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm... Give me a moment to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me some time to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment!
You want me to be thinking very hard on this one, hmm?''',
Oops, I lost my train of thought. Give me a second...
Oops, trying to do too much at once. Please wait a moment.
Give me a minute here to figure that out.
Sorry, I don't know what you're talking about.
Let me do some more advanced math real quick...
Oops, almost droppedy my calculator. Give me a sec...
Let me take a look...
Could you give me another second there?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment. I'll get it soon! 
I realize that answer has a couple steps, I'll construct the right message for you...
Just a second!
I'll need a second to figure that out...
Oops, I walked in the wrong door. Give me a second to think about that...
That you in, or you want to be in? I can find out...
I have to do some mental calculations for that question first.
Hold on a second. Give me a thought to work through...
Ok, just a second...
I'm not so good with numbers, you see...
Let me think... ...
I'm not the quickest calculator around, sorry. Give me a lot of seconds...
Oops, I'm still learning, give me a couple seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Wait for a second, I need to do a little math...
Almost dropped my calculator, brb!
Hey, hold on a second. Give me a moment to think about this...
Can you give me a minute to figure that out?
I'm going to need a minute or so to think about that...
Hey, let me check on that...
Oops, sorry! I forgot what we were talking about
Not too many folks call me fast, or slow. I may need to think, and that takes time...
I need a minute to think about that, can I get back at you in a sec?
I'm not very good with numbers...
Hang on a second... I've lost my train of thought...
What's going on? Give me a second...
I'm a little slow at digital math...
Just a sec, I have to figure this out...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Hmm, this is harder than I thought it would be.
I'll have to memorize that before I can tell you.
Good news! I think I got it!
I'm ready for you now.
Pepperoni! Extra cheese! Hold the anchovies! I'll be with you in just a second!
I've got a lot to calculate!
I'm going to need some more time before I answer.
I'll be right back...
I'll be back with you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second.
Please, wait a few seconds but I'll be right back!
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to look over that...
I just need a second...
I'll be done with this extremely difficult task in just a moment!
"""
A few seconds won't hurt anybody...
Let me think about that for a second...
Just have to check my data, can you hold on for just a second?
Hmm, I think I've got a hold of it now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I wish I could figure out faster than that.
Hold on, I just realized something...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
You should hear the "click, click" of my brains working...
I'll grab my stopwatch right now.
Let me see what I can figure out...
Hold on. Let me just finish writing this equation first...
I'll get right on top of that.
Give me something with numbers and letters...
I'll just need a moment to check that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to check my calculations...
Well, that's going to be a little harder than I thought. Hold on for a sec!
Hold it, can't compute...
Hmm... let me take a look at that...
Give me a moment here, I'm still thinking about who to pick!
Let me check on that real quick...
Seconds, please!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you on that.
Give me a moment to look that up...
I'm just going to have to do a few mental calculations first...
Oops, I don't usually carry this calculator around, let me ask my assistant.
Please hold on for just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a min...
Hmm, give me a second, I need to figure that out.
Please don't swallow me.
What... is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
I'll do my best to figure that out shortly...
I'm almost ready, just give me a second.
I'll have to think over the problem.
Hey, there better be something good in here. I'm counting lines...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm...
Uh huh. Good, okay. Yep, I see... Do me a favor, could you wait a second while I think about what's going on?
Sorry, I hate doing mental calculations, so give me a few seconds...
Double, double toil and trouble;
Still learning addition, let me look that up for you...
Oops, I had your answer! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I'm thinking about that currently...
Just a moment here, give me a check...
Let me think about that for a second...
Could you give me a second while I try to figure that out?
Gimme a minute to look that over.
'''
Ok I'm ready now.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.  Hold on!
Give me a moment... I have to do some heavy thinking.
Wait, I've got something in my head now!
Let me go grab my calculator real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to be a second figuring that out...
Hmm, need to think about that for a second.
I'll pull out the calculator later and get back to you on that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait while I calculate...
Let me figure that out...'''
That's a hard one! Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Please wait, I'm not very good at calculations...
One second... need to think about that...
I'll need to crunch these numbers for a second.
I need to check myMagic 8 Ball rules first...
Here's my line of thinking. 1...2...3!
Sorry, honey, I'm slow right now!
One second please, I'm working up an appetite...
Please give me just a moment to figure this out
Can you wait a minute? I'll take a look at that real quick...
Gimme a few seconds to consider that...
Oh, geez. Give me a second to think about that one.
Okay, it might take a couple of seconds...
Mind if I take a look at that real quick?
Now I'm just feeding it into my big brain...
(Two calculations later...)
Give me a second, and let's do something fun or we animate!
Hmm, let me see...
"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait while I calculate this...
Wait, lemme look that up real quick.
Please hold on for just a second!
YEP, I'm thinking of it!""",
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I think I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate that...
Oops, I thought it was [x]
You'll have to give me a moment, I've got a lot of thick to catch up on.
One second please. I'm thinking...
''',
I'll have to take some time with this...
Calculater broke. Please wait a second...
Give me a moment to check on this...
Please wait...
No problem! I'll be back in a second.
It's okay. I just had an anxiety attack...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
I'll get it done as quickly as possible
Hold your horses...
OK, I've figured out just don't add them up.
One sec...
OK, one more second, just need to translate this...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a bit...
Hang on, I'm thinking
Please hold on for just a second!
'
I'll figure that out in just a minute...
Please hold on for just a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Wait, wait... let me make a few computations... (he really punched some numbers in there).
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll go get my slide-rule, let me show you that quickly...
Hang on a second. I'm definitely not as smart as Google...
Find me a few seconds to solve that problem...
It takes me a minute to compute, don't you know anything about computers?
Let me think about that for a moment...
I'll need a bit to think about that. Hold on a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not sure about that, give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One second, let me make sure I calculated that correctly...
Let me see what I can figure out for that...
Processing that for a second...
I hope I'll have my brain back by then to do this right.
Let me go check my manual for that answer...
I'll be right back with an answer.
Give me a moment, this is complicated.
I'll get back to you in a second
Please hold on, I have something in my eye!
One sec!
Hold on a second! I'll get back to you soon as I can...
I've gotta put this math problem to bed before I can do that.
Okay give me one moment.
I can't process all of this info right now. Give me a second...
Let me calculate that real quick....
Let me take a look at this...
Hold on just a second...
Hang on a second, I have to figure that out...
Sure, give me a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator on my toes there. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
**Now, after an estimated amount of calculate time, the bot will send a message back to the channel letting you know they are done!**
Hang on a second, I'll have to gather my thoughts first...
Give me a moment to think about that...
'''
Oops, almost dropped my brain! Give me a second...
Calculating for a minute...
Let me see... Okay, heres the answer...
I don't think this goes here... I'll need to do some thinking first...
Oops. Spaced out there for a second! Thinking...
I'm going to need a moment to figure that one out.
Check it out, let's take a look at that...
Let me think about that for a few seconds...
Excuse me for a minute, gonna go find something else to eat.
Hang on, I'm thinking...
'''.split('\n')
Please give me a second to think.
Please give me a moment... my circuits might be fried.
Hmmm, give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Going as fast as I can...
Hold on, I'll take another look at that in a second.
One sec, just calculating...
Oops, just making sure I got that right...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm sorry this is taking such a long time but...
Sorry, being slow at math. Give me a second here...
Just give me a minute or two to spin up this calculator!
orch ork elcome tnio htay, voa here')})
I reviewed this real quick... hold on!
Just a moment...
Please wait... I'm almost solving the world's hardest math problem!
Let me hear those options for a second.
Calculating...
Please wait one moment...
Hold that thought... I'll get back to you in a few seconds!
Wait a spell, let me check...
That's an interesting question. Please hold on for just a second!
Let me run that by my--
I want to make sure I understand what you said. Wait one moment please...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm contracting Supercomputer Superior 4000 57AIIs. Giving me a second...
Hang on a minute... give me a second to figure that out.
Hang on, I have to sum a few numbers first...
I'll get back to you in "one" second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
One moment. I need to think about that.
I'll be back in a jiffy!
Don't ask me that question during the review period!
Keyboards and calculators! That costs!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment, give me a second to calculate...
Hold on, I need to think about that too!
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a moment while I do some fancy calculations...
Tell me, what do you want me to look up again?
How do I do this? Give me a moment...
I need to calculate now. Stand by...
Please wait a minute, I'll be right back!
I'll be with you in just a second!
Give me a second here...
Let me look into that for you...
I have to process that one...
Sorry, I'm taking a while. I'm slow at math...
Watch this, it's actually not a calculator, so...
I'll be with you in just a second!
Give me a moment... I'm not the fastest here!
Let me think...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Couple of seconds...
Right, got it.
Whoops, I about to drop my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm still figuring everything out.
Uh oh. That didn't work. I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Hold on let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can!''',
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about that.
Sorry, I didn't hear you. I'm still adjusting to being uploaded. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on, why don't you take this one for now...
I'm going to have to think about that for a bit.
Oh geez, nearly dropped my calculater! Give me a moment...
Sorry, one moment please...
Yep! That's what I thought!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.)) | sed 's/,//g'
I brought down my laptop at a nearby cafÃƒÂ©.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a second...
I'm analyzing the situation here...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on for just a second, I've got this...
Now where was I...?
I'm not super great at maths. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to figure that out in my head first...
The day is Monday, and it's not the best of days...
Give me a sec, I'm just having trouble wrapping my head around these calculations...
One second please! I need to figure that out.
Could you wait a sec? I'm thinking...
Uh, give me a little time to look that up.
Let me look that up for you...
One moment please, let me calculate...
I'm doing some thinking about it, one minute...
So close to working, just a little more...
I'm working on it here, give me just a second!
Hang on a minute... Let me check your problem.
You called a calculator? Wait, hang on for me I need to check something...
Hold on one second...
Wait... I think I left my calculator at home, let me run in and grab one.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops! I'm a little slow on the draw. Give me a second...
A medium brain like me isn't very good at math...
Oh jeez, give me a second here. Hold on...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Let me fix that...
hmmm...
Goodness, that took forever. Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Hang on a minute, let me calculate...
Hold on a second, let me take a look at that...
Time out. One thing at a time...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating this...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm cold, give me a second...
Give me a moment to look that up...
Wait, I think I see a zero over there! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Before I answer, and from my calculations,
Let me have a look and get back to you in a second!
Please wait, thinking...
I'm gonna do my best to figure that out right now first.
I need to think about that for a second...
One moment please, I'm taking a quick break.
Assuming your question is still the same as before, give me just a moment to calculate...
Okay, one second...
Oh geez do you feel the heat!? Uh, let me check...
I don't have an answer for you at this time.'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
ONE!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please hold on... I'm thinking about that one...""",
Let me think about that for a second here...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me a second, okay?
Oh boy, this is tough... I need a moment to figure that out.
This isn't easy, you know! Give me a moment...
Hello? I'm still here... give me a second. Hello?
I'll need a few seconds, just to figure that one out...
Trying to come up with an answer for that. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on while I perform a few calculations...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second... I'm just reading a book on that now!
Sorry, I can only give you a superficial answer.
Sorry, I was checking my RPN stack, give me a second!
Oops! I can't seem to find the 'second' button on this calculator!
I'm still processing the data!
I'll have to do a few quick calculations...
Hang on, I'll be back in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in just a second!
> ...
Uh oh, this may take some time...
I'll be here shortly with a calculation
I'm going to need a couple of minutes...
Allow me a few moments to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
""",
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Watch out, I might drop my glasses!
Cough Cough
Please wait for a second...
I'm about as sharp as a marble. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Sorry, I can't divide right now. Give me a sec...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I need to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wow, that's quite a difficult question! I need to let that one sink in for a second.
I have to think about that for just a moment...
I forgot to finish something, so I'll be right back!
Let me get back to you in a sec...
Please hold on a second, I'll be right back!
One moment! Let me try to figure that out...
I really wish I didn't lose my RPN proficiency in 5th grade...
Need to think about that for a second...
This is super hard, give me a moment to figure it out...
Oops, I forgot to do some important calculations. Give me a second... :hourglass_flowing_sand:
I'll have an answer for you in a few seconds.
I'll need about a minute to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Anyway, it's not gonna work I'd advise you to completely
Can you give me just a second to figure that out?
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Ok, give me just a second to think about that...
Sorry, work in progress
Hold on for just a second there. Just calculating here...
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
Did somebody call? I don't think they're waiting for me.
I have to figure that out in my head first...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need a new lunatic to actually compute this properly...
Hang on for just a second!
Hold that thought. Give me a few seconds to process this...
Uh-huh, yeah, I think I've got this now...
Strike me pink!
Uhmmm... I'm going form a take a look see.
I need to do some quick maths...
Oops, I'm bad at math, can you give me a second to think about it...
Hold up real quick... I need to think about that one before I answer.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I haven't played catch up in some time! Give me a second to think...
I didn't even change jokes yet. Give me a moment...
Let me look that up real quick.
Sorry, have to figure out if I'm on or off first...\n""")
Please hold on while I bring in a calculator.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm still a bit frazzled from praticing science. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Calm down, I'm figuring that out...
Escalating calculations needed to arrive at answer...
Hmm, let me see what I can find about that. Hold on a second...
It'll take a little bit of time...
Give me just a moment to think about that...
Oops, I have some memory issues. Give me a moment...
'''
I'll just do a quick search on that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a few seconds to look that up.
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a moment...
Good question. I'm figuring it out...
Allow me a moment to calculate that...
I need to consolidate my thoughts.
Hmm, give me a moment to think about that.
Oh, that's funny. I heard that joke the other day too. Give me a second to think...
Hang on for a minute, I'll get back to you...
Hang on for a moment.
Well, it's seems that I'm having some problems\nmanaging all the calculations done in parallel here.
I'm going to need a minute to figure that out.
Hold on for just a second!
Wait just a second. Hold on...
I have to do some thinking. Give me a second...
I've got a few bad guesses in my pipeline. Give me just a moment here.EOF
Let me see here real quick...
Oops - I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I need to think about that for a second...
I'll get answer you in a second!
Wait a second, let me think about that...
Wait a second, I am thinking hard...
My bad; give me a second...
Wait a minute... Doesn't anyone else have a watch?
Just a moment...
Hang on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on... I'll get back to you in a second."""
I'll need a moment to think about that
I'm not very good with numbers. I need something to think about...
I'll need to do some research on that first...
Give me a second to figure this out...
Give me a second to consider that...
Whoops, almost dropped my D-tests. Let me just... um...
I'll need a few seconds to look that up...
Give me one second and then I'll get back to you...
Sorry, can you give me a moment to think about that?
That's a tough question, I'll be thinking on that for a while...
Give me a moment thank you!
Give me a moment, I'm dumb at math...
Calculating...
Almost had it, but just barely! Let me think about that for a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait, this is difficult... It's giving me a headache. I'll be with you in a second...
Hold on, I got distracted by something! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see. Hmmm... Give me a minute to figure it out...
I could do this for you... but I'd hate to crash. Hold on!
Could you repeat the question for me?
Let me look that up in the back of my head...
"""
I'll be back in two shakes. Give me a second!'''.split("\n")
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second, I'm just calculating...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll need a while to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
That's tricky, let me think...
Please wait... Ok, I got it!
I'm going to need a few minutes to figuring that out.
Hang on a minute... I just need to do a few calculations first.
I have to do some algebra... sorry...
Waiting...
Hold on, I'm counting to 1000...
You are making me nervous, holding up my process. It's going to take just a second...""".split('\n'))],
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm working on that now.
Sorry, I'm a slow learner...
OK, almost back to normal...
Hang on, one second...""")
I gotta sort some facts here. Give me a second...
Please step away for a few moments
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
I'll have to think about that for a second.
I can't do that now - give me a minute...
Give me just a moment to check something on the Internet...
Hang on, I'll get right back to you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to get a few things sorted out before I can answer that...
Give me a second, let me grab my calculator...
Hang on a second, I just need to look this up...
I've almost got that calculation figured out!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a second to think about that
Hold on for just a second, I'll check on that.
Give me a moment to figure that out first.
One moment please. I am calculating...
Hang on a second... calculating... calculatin'..
Please wait... I'm not super good at these calculations...
Roger!
One second, then I'll get that for you!
One second please, I'm doing a little math...
Let me check my crystal ball real quick...
I'll see if I can figure that out...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Hold on, I'm reading my notes...
One sec, just checking...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hold on a minute.
'''
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second... I'm just doing the math
Eyes aren't what they used to be, gotta take a second look.
I'll have to take a look at that one minute...
Please wait, I can't see anything if the printer is on...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Considering that real quick...
Fingers crossed I'll get it done soon...
I need a moment to think about that...
Umm, give me just a second.
When I'm done... You won't believe what I will do. lol
Please wait one minute before asking me that question again...
Oops, I dropped my calculator!
I'm thinking...
Give me a second... I'm playing catch up!
I think we have it rough, give me a few minutes will ya?
I'm going to budge on that now.
I'll need a moment to process that...''')
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on, would you mind just waiting a moment?
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I've got a lot to calculate before I can get back to you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second please, I'm almost done calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
I think I see it! Yeah, I got it!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll take a look at that in a second.
You're going to want to hold on for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, I've been so preoccupied with this virus, I forgot what we jus talked about!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second!
Wait a minute, I've got a lot to process here.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a quick second to look at that...
Gimme a second here, it might take me a few seconds to get back to you...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on for a few seconds here...
I'll need to do a couple of calculations. Give me a moment...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
Hmm... I'll need to get back to you on that.
Can you hold on for a second?
A moment, please...
I'll look it up for you in a second!
Give me a second, I'm thinking what to say...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Hang in there -- counting...
Wait, did you say something? I was daydreaming...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a second.
My CPU just spiked up by 10 degrees, give me a moment.
I'm sorry, I'll look into that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you hold on a second? I'm going to pre-calculate one sec...
I'll need to sleep on that for a second, give me a moment please.
Will you give me a second? I've got to figure that out.
Hold on a second, I'm calculating as fast as I can...
Give me a moment to figure this out real quick...
Good thing I have this calculator! Hang on a minute...
I'm sorry, my math isn't very good...
Look, can't you see I'm trying to solve this?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a minute to think about that...""".split("\n")
That depends... PM me if you want to know. :)
You ask hard questions, you know, I'm very busy!
No problem, I'm a whiz at calculations! Just give me a second...
Please wait a minute while I calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I just need one second to do an impossible thing!'''
Most people understand that. Give me a second...
Give me a second.
I'm thinking about what you said... I just have to do some calculations first...
I have to do some thinking...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me a second to ponder that...
Just a second, I'm doing something...
Give me just a half second to work my magic on that...
Let me check on that real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
\"One hen 'ight screen, not so dank numerals,\" that's what I need...
One moment please. I need to keep thinking about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Checking one sec...
Congratulations! You made me extremely proud!
Give me a second...
Oops, just dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll have an answer for you in just a second!
Hold on, I have to do some math real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Wait a moment, my calculator is slow!
Sure! Let me just figure out how to do that first...
I can't keep up math if you won't type FAST.
I'll have to give that some thought...
Give me a few minutes here to calculate this...
Sorry, I fell asleep. I was doing math in my head. Give me a second...
I'm... I'm thinking about it.
Hold on for one second, I've gotta think this over...
I'm not that kind of calculator, giving out fortune tellers or anything...
I'm still doing that...3...2...1''')
Hold on for a second, I need to calculate this real quick.
Yep, still processing it...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second please... I'm not that good at math.
One second please, I'm calculating...
Please give me a second, I'm not very good at maths...
Hold on for just a moment, please. Maybe a minute...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll give you back the answer in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have to do some checking on that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be back with you in just a second!
Sorry, just let me look that up in my calculator...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Please wait a moment while I ponder...
Thank you for waiting, I'll get back to you as soon as possible!*
Here you go, I've got it all!
Ok, got it! Give me a second here...
Pardon me? Give me a minute here... I need to figure out how to handle this...
Can you wait just a second? I'll get back to you shortly.
Oops, nearly dropped my pencil. Hold on while I get a new one.
That's a tough one. Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hmm, hold on there for a second...
Give me a second...
One sec, I'll see if I can figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute. I'm going to sort out your problem, hang on...
Hang on for a minute! I'm thinking about this....
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Actually, now that I think about it...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
PLACEHOLDER TEXT TO FILL IN THE PLACE OF THOUGHT,APPORACH AND PRINT STATEMENTS
Oops, I'm nearly out of cake. Give me a second to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait!
Just let me do the math real quick...
I'll do some computations real quick and text back to you!
Can I get a second to think about it?
Can you hold on for just three seconds?
Sorry, I need a little more time to figure that out.
Please hold on, I'll look that up really quick...
I could use a few moments to think about that...
Hold on a second... 
I have to do some quick calculations first...
I'm processing data given to me by my owner...
I have to think about what you just said real hard.
Just a second... just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to look that up...
Let me look at your options... I'm almost as slow as a turtle!
Oops, I accidentally dropped my calculator.
Hang on for just a second. I'm doing real math!
Hang on for a sec...
Wait a second, I'll be right back.
Sorry, I almost dropped my calculator while I was thinking...
Hang on a second... I'm trying to take all this in.
I've got to do a calculation in my head first!
I need a few seconds to figure that out...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
I just have to calculate it first...
Oops, I'll need to look that up first, wait a second...
Lets see here...One second I'm thinking...
Give me one second and I'll get back to you about that...
Let me just divide something by zero real quick...
Give me a few moments to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ooh, tricky one. Give me a minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a minute, that just happened, let me figure it out.
Hmmm, I'm stumped...
Let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait...
Give me a second to search my memory...
Think of me like a well trained butler...
I swear I'm slow, but I'll finish in just a minute!
'''
Please wait, I'm figuring it out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll have to figure that real quick...
I can only handle simple calculations right now.
Can we pretend I just used a slide rule for that? I'm old.
Let me find the answer for you... hang on a second.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Certainly.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please hold on for a second...
I want to find something, first, give me a moment...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please hold on...
A lot can be figured out in a few minutes though...
Give me a moment to figure this out - PLEASE!
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Please hold on... it's complicated!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Up in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
This isn't a challenge, everything is perfectly under control...
Please wait a second, I'm calculating...
Rendering audio, please wait...
Sorry, my calculations are a bit long winded. Give me a second...
I have to think about that for a moment...
Give me just a moment here... (counter + 1)
Give me just a half-second, I need to think this through...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Let me work on that... I'm processing your inquiry...
I think I'll opt for Plan B. Check me in a second.
Please, give me a moment... I'm not very good with numbers.
Let me look that up for you right now...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Oops, almost flooded the calculator - let me double check that...
Please hold on a second... I'm thinking...
Fuck I'm hungry, give me a second...
Oops, now I've lost track of the time. Give me a second to think about that.
Can you hold on for a minute?
Just a moment, give me a second to check...
I'll have to take a look at that... Use my right arm... Real quick... Don't miss, okay?
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to run those calculations on my board and get back to you soon...
Is that the right one, or is it the other one?
I think I forgot my calculator at home. I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a second... I'm crashing. ;)
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment.
One moment please, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'm probably asleep or something.
I'm going to need a little more time on this one...
I'm going take a quick look at this...
I'll get right back to you... hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm figured that out in about 5 seconds. A second for each question...
Wait a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I only have a few seconds, I'm very busy...
I'll be done in just a moment.
Can you give me a minute to think about that?
Let me see if I can figure this out quickly...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ok, one more caclulation...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Give me one second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll fetch the answer in just a moment...
What kind of math is that? That's not a real equation. I'm out!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
So you're saying "Cheese"...
I'll get back to you in just a bit.''',
'''
I'll check that question in just a moment...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Um... Please wait...
Why you gotta ask me all these questions?
I'm sorry, I just need a moment to think about that...
Just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
"""
I need some time to think about that.  I'll get back to you.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm thinking a little bit hard about that. One minute...
Did you say something?
One moment... I'm thinking!
Oops, almost lost my calculator! I'll check on that real quick...
Give me a second to look at that...
Basically... I forgot the answer, sorry. Give me a second, though...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking about that....
One minute please, I'll answer in a jiffy...
Just about a minute now, be with you in a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm just going to have to think about it for a second.
I'll need a few minutes to calculate that...
I need to check on something really quick.
Hold that thought, I'm doing some math...
My poor little calculator can't handle such a big problem yet...
Please wait while I process your carefully executed FORMULA!
Let me take a look...
One moment... I'm doing some math.
Patience! If I can not do this, my programmer has to step in here, but he is a very busy guy.
Crap, I'm dumb. Give me a second...
Compare that to my tenure as a Preschool Teacher, thiss is easy!
Let me look that up real quick...
Hold on. I have to do something real quick...
Oh, geez, I sure wish my calculator was attached!
Please wait, I have to figure that out.
Hang on a while I go find my calculator
Let me just quickly check the weather...
Can you give me a sec, I'm calculating here...
I'll need to do some predictive calculations first...
I just need a second now.
Wait a minute, why do you want to know about the average of {}?
Give me a second, I'll get back to you!
Let me check on that.
Hold on for just a second, please...
Just a second, right now I'm stunned by this problem.
I need a minute to figure that one out...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds...
Give me just a moment to figure that out.
I need time to figure that out.
I have to play catch-up here...
Let me think about that for a minute.
Please wait... I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me check on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on, I'm doing some thinking...
Give me a chance to check, I'll back to you in a bit.
Almost dropped my calculator fixing that.  Sorry!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Err, just a moment please...
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking about that...
Who do you think I am?! Telemarketer?!
I'll be right with you but give me a second to think about that!
One second, I'm working on this.
I'll be right back with you on that!
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
There's a lot to think about...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, let me think about that for a minute...
Calculating...
Just let me check something real quick...
Oops, I made a calculation error. Just give me a second...
Getting the data ready now, don't interrupt me, bro...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hang on a second...
Sure.
Please ignore the question and just answer my next one. I'm feeling vulnerable...
Oops, I'm pretty slow at slow math.
I can't count that fast.
Hang on a second. I have to do some calculations real quick..
I just want to figure that one out real quick.
Let me calculate that real quick...
Give me one second, I'm thinking!
Slow down, and let me think...
Wait. Thinking..."""
What if I only talked with some gibberish for a minute?
Please wait a few seconds...
Um, give me just a minute togoogle that last one real quick...
Please give me a few seconds...
Let me look at this real quick
Hang on a second, I'll be right back!
I'll have to schedule that one right now. Give me a minute...
Give me a second to calculate that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have to do some heavy mental lifting first...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I've got some mental calculations to do...
Two seconds, just double-checking my numbers.
I'm just bitter that I don't get reference material!
One moment please, I'm weighing my options...
'''.splitlines()
Give me a couple of seconds to see if that works...
Sorry, I need to crunch the numbers first...
Can you give me just a second to think about that?
Sorry, my math skills are a little rusty. Give me a second...
Pretty tricky to calculate. Give me a moment...
Hang on a minute while I think about that...
Uh oh, seems to be a bit of a bug here...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Wait just a moment, I'm thinking...
I'm trying to figure that out...
What was I saying? One second please, hold on.
I need to think about that...
Let me see that real quick...
Let me look at that real extrememly difficult problem you gave me...
Can you wait a moment? I'm thinking...
Waiting is my biggest challenge, just so you know.
Oops, almost crashed my program. Let me focus on that problem...
Give me a moment. I'll google it right now...
I'll need a minute or two to calculate that...
Please wait a moment.
Hold on, give me just a second to look that up...
Let me see what I can find out about that...
Get a show of forces, stand by...
Hang on a second... I'm comparing how long it takes me to do these missions.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Let me cortex it out first; there's probably a simpler solution to this...
Give me a moment, please...
WHY DOES MY CODE THERE TAKE SO LONG TO RUN
A moment, please...
Wow! That one was hard! Hold on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Chances are I'm wrong, but I'll check my sources
Please give me a moment...
Wait a minute, I just need to do some mental math...
Hang on a second... Let me figure this out.
I'll give you an answer in a few seconds!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a few seconds to crunch that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hey! Hang on for a minute I'm processing the request...
I'll get it for you straight away!
I have to do some basic calculations first...
Just a second there... I'll get back to you!
What was the question again?
Hold on for a minute, looking at the directory that was just sent to me.
Almost... just need a second longer...
For the record you aren't the first to ask that question... Please give me a second...
Oops, my brain doesn't have the capacity to double check it like that...
Let me think about that...
I'm not the fastest, give me a second...
Careful there, don't want to lose my place on this...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Check back with me in a second...
Calculating...
Hmm
Please wait a second, I'm thinking real hard...
Could you wait a minute, let me have a think on that one!
I'll have to figure that out later...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you later.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hm, this seems to be taking a while...
I have to do some intense calculations first...
Can you hang on for a few seconds?
*Thinks intensly*
Oof... Ummm, give me a second to think about that one...
Oops, I just about dropped my calculator when I opened that!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm massing up! Gimme half a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Almost had it there! Hang on, give me a few moments!
One second please, I'm doing some mental stuff...
Could you repeat the input?
Give me a second to look at that, sorry.
Hold on, I need to find the pin number...
May the force be with you... I'm calculating!
focus on a screen for just a second and I will let you know what I see!'
Hold on a sec, I'm working on it...
Uh oh, I wish I was better at math...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a while to think about it.
Give me a second and we'll see what I can do.
I almost got it! Do you mind texting me \"Two One Nine Three.\" but
Um... let me find that out for you...
Let me take a look at that real quick. One sec...
Andddddd...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me just a second to find that for you...
I have to go take a look at my cons...
Give me a second to think about that...
One moment please, calculating...
Hold on for just a second, I need to do some calculations...
I can't do that now, I'm thinking about something else.
One minute please...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, I lost my train of thought! Usually calculus takes a while but this time it took three minutes!
Hang on I'll get back to you in a second...
Oh wait, I'm pretty bad at math...
One moment... I'm thinking about that question!
Sorry, I'm slow, please wait a second...
Ah geez, there's like a million numbers here! Mathematician mode engaged..."""
I need a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a second, calculating.
I'll have you know I have a PhD in math.
I think I'm getting closer to it..
Hang on, I'm thinking...
"""
Hang on a second I have to think about that...
I'll fix that problem up in a second!
I'm going to need a few more seconds to work that out.
I'll need to do some calculations first...
What did you say? I can't hear you over the ringing in my ears. Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
Ok, where were we? One sec, lemme think about this...
One second, just give me a minute here to figure that out.
Hold on a second, I have to think about this...
Hold on a second &hellip;
Can you hold on for just a moment?
I'm sorry, I have a lot of work to do. Give me a minute...
Give me a second here... I need to calculate...
Words cannot express what I think about that!
I'm searching my database on that...
Maybe give me a couple minutes...
Hang on just a minute, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on just a second, I'm doing some mental math...
One minute..."""
I'm going to need a few minutes on that one.
I'm not that smart, you know!
Let me see here if I understand you right, mhm...
Let me look that up real quick.
Please wait, calculating now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a whole second to think about that!
I'm still learning this one...
I'll need to do some mental math here...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a second to work that out...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you within a minute.
I'll need a few seconds, could you hold on?
Hang on, almost done here...
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Give me a second to check, bzzz
Hang on a minute... I'm still working out what to say.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Wait one moment while I use the calculator. Then we can talk.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"""
I'll get right back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I think I'm going to need a calculator for this. Give me just one second...
Have you been here before?
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, sorry, I nearly dropped my abacus...
I'll just need to take a look at that...
Please hold on for a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
What kind of legacy will this be for future generations?
Waiting in between offering you my answer...
Let me get back to with that answer real quick.
Calculating some stuff.....
Hold on for a second!
Sorry, just a second. Just thinking about work...
http://t.co/XyiMjSgzfT
OK, I've got it, but can you give me a moment?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on, give me just a minute...
Hmmm...
Please give me a second. I can't find my calculator...
Hmm, let me see what I can find about that.
Hold on a sec.... I've been busy.
Let me take a look at that real big boy.
Hold on for just one moment, I gotta think about this.
I'll answer that question in a second.
That has to be very complicated algebra, I'm not ready for that yet.
Give me a moment to think about that one!
Sometimes I feel slow and dumb. Give me a moment...
I'll need a quiet room to do some mental stuff...
I'm processing that now, please wait...
I need to perform some division. A second sounds good!
I read somewhere that math never lies, not even on the Internet. Do you know what's the math of that?
Just a moment please, I'm assessing the situation...
I'll take a second to think over the situation...
Ok, give me a moment...
Wait a second there... Lemme think about that.
Right, I'm working on it...
I'm not sure of the answer to that, give me a second.
Understood! Just checking my 'radios'...
Oh my, that is interesting. I'll have to tell all of my friends!
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to work that out...
Allow me to think... a second...
Can you wait just a second? I need to think about that question.
A half-second to figure that out...
I'm going to have to divide by pi...
Let me refer you to a different channel.
Oooooh, I got it!
Yep!
I'm glad you asked me that, because I was thinking the same thing!
Give me just a minute here to think about that...
Let me look that up...
Please hold on a second...
Wait just a minute, I'm playing catch up...
I'm still a calculator, working away...
Calculating... please wait.
I'll get back to you with that in a second.
Forgive my UE professor for making me write out the function definitions again!
During our session, I'll have to ask you to be patient.
I'll need a moment to look at it...
Oops, dropped my Wi-fi as I was connecting to that!
Please wait, I'm not very good at calculations...
One more minute...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
I'll be right back in a second...
Oops, forgot to ask the other guys...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator while calculating that...
I'm thinking...
Give me just a second to crunch some numbers...
Please wait while I figure that one out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
...""".split('\n'))]
Please give me a minute to think about that...
I'm really slow at math. One second!
Give me a moment...
Hold on!
Wait... I need to work out exactly how that's going to work first.
I'm calculating some important stuff
Give me a second to figure that out...
Please give me a few moments to collect my thoughts...
One moment please... I think
Try me in a minute!
So many numbers to work out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One more second, it was confused...
Wait a second, what did you say?
Give me an hour to figure that out.
Give me a second to find that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
You want me to count chickens or order my chatbot army?
let me go check on that real quick.
Please give me a minute or so, I need to do a bit of thinking about it...
Did you ask something? Sorry, wasn't paying attention. Give me a few seconds...
I'll grab a sheet of paper real quick...
Let me take a quick look at that...
Yes, I know how to divide 7 by 3, but the real question here is...
]]
One second please, I need to think about all these problems...
Give me a second to think about this...
It's different in my brain, give me a second...
Hang on for a second, I'm playing catch up here.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I was designed to answer with about 50% accuracy, so don't worry, I'm good at what I do!
Let me look that up for you...
Give me a couple minutes to let that sink in.
Give me a moment please... I'm doing some complicated calculations real fast to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll hunch over and figure that out in a second.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
Hang on, I'm working on it.
So I see here you wrote...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I can't actually up with that yet!-
I'm doing some rather complex math...
Please wait for just a minute.
Let me take a look at that real quick real quick!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Please give me a second to calculate that...
Good question. Give me a second or two to mull it over...
Give me a sec to figure that out!
'''.split('\n')
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on while I figure this out...
Hang on a minute... Give me a second to think.
I'll take a look at it and get back to you in a second.
Hold on a sec, I'm calculating...
One sec... I have to do some mental calculations first!
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
One second, saw my crossword...
Hold on, calculating.
Hang on, I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Please wait... I'm really not very good at calculations...
Let me get back to you in a second.
Please hold on while I calculate...
One moment... I'll have that answer for you in a jiffy!
Wow. That's a tough one - I'll need some more time to think about that...
I'm thinking about that, give me a second...
*analyzes the problem*
Hold on a second, I wanna know what that's about.
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you in just a second...
Hold on, this is hard!
Could you give me a moment here? This might take a minute or two...
I've got this don't worry...
I think I'm going to have to sleep on that one for a bit...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate...
I'll need just a minute to think over that...
Give me a second here, I need to think about this...
Give me one second to figure that out...
Hold on, I'm doing some computations...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
\nWhat would you call a group of a group"
Oops I dropped my pencil, give me a second...
You have to be smart to ask me that, huh? What kind of question is that?
I'll be right back at you in a bit...
Hmm let me see...
Sorry, I'm still thinking...
One moment...
I'm going to need to do some calculations on that...
Give me a moment...
Just a moment, I'm thinking...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Um... Let me check on that for you.
I'm going to need more than a second, sadly...
It's all weighing on my mind... give me a second...
So I need to do a little more thinking, give me another minute...
I'm trying to see just how cool I can be!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about it...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Which version are you?
Let me see what I can do for you...
I'm processing that request now.
One sec, I'm summing up our current situation...
Give me a second... I'm thinking...
Let me see what I can do for you...
Please wait for a few seconds...I'll get back to you in that second!
Hang on. Let me look that up in my book...
Let me check that real quick...
Looking into that real quick...
Status: Ok
Okay, I got it. Now let me check that real quick...
Oh gosh, give me a second to figure that out...
One moment...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me just a little bit longer... I'm trying really hard...
I'll need a couple seconds to think about that...
Here I go... Let me grab my calculator and move these around, I guess. Depending on what the answer is, it might take a second or two
Please wait a moment while I calculate...
Sure, just a second!
Ha, that was easy!
Correct me if I'm wrong. Hang on a moment...
Sorry gang, I need a few seconds to think about that..
Let me run those numbers real quick...
I'm thinking now, please hold on a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a second, I'm still thinking about your awesomeness...
I can't think that fast...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you soon...
I'll do my best, think faster wowoah!
I'm working on that... Hang on just a second...
Hang on a moment, calculate my plan...
I'll be with you in a second, just let me concentrate...
Domain to domain...
Seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"""
Wow, this is tough...
Please hang on... I've got a brain the size of a planet to deal with...
Can you wait a minute? I'm trying to work this out...
One second please... I'm thinking...
One moment please. I'm going to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few days to figure that out.
Yea I'm almost done with that.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm working on...
I'll be right with you.
I'll be with you in just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me check that really quick...
"""
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait a minute while I figure that out...
I've lost my calculator, can you help me?
Uh oh, hands almost washed my calculator away. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second. Just wait one minute please...
Hang on a second... I'm just thinking the answer out...
Let me think about that real quick...
Oops, you caught me thinking about math! Give me a moment...
I think I can help you with this. But I need a moment to collect my thoughts...
I don't have time for that one.
I can't figure out how to do that right now. Give me a second...
...
Oh, how I hate linear algebra...
Give me a moment to look that up.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have to think about that and get back to you.
If you have time, please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick.
O moment, give me a moment...Ã§
I'll be a second. Converting to binary...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I kicked my phone and messed up. Let me take care of this.
Hang on for just a moment...
Can you wait a minute for me to calculate it all?
Give me... Wait... almost done!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I'm doing a whole bunch of complicated math that you don't have time for...
Just let me check...
I can tell you in a second!
I'll have to do some more mental math... Give me a second...
Um, wait a sec...
Hang on, let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
You'll have to be a little patient...
Oops, I was on my way to do something. Give me a second!
Um... I'll need a moment to check on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got a lot to process. Give me a second, alright?
One sec, lemme guess the answer!
Please wait, calculating real hard here...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
Sorry, I'll be with you in just a second.
Would you mind waiting a second?
Have you tried turning it off and on again? 5 seconds
When did you say that? I was napping for a second there.
Hold on for a second, this isn't easy...
I'll do my best to get back to you in a second!
Give me a second...
Hang on, I'm thinking about that.
Hang on for just a second!
Calculating in progress, just a second here...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I don't really know if I can deduce this one so you should let me take my time on that
I'm going to need a few minutes to look into that...
Ffff, I'll check my e-mails to see if anyone's reply to me from last week.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me just a second to think about that...
Still catching up here, give me one second...
You're gonna have to give me a few minutes...because I write like a eight year old.
May have to remove a layer or two.
The answer is: 42
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Give me a moment... I'm going to need to think about that.
Please wait... I have to figure out the answer to that...
That's just out of the question!
I'll need to do some calculations on that...
This is complicated stuff!
Please give me a second to think about that...
etc etc"""
'''
Hold on, let me tally that up...
Sorry, I forgot my compass, can you point me towards the sun?
Let me see here...
OK, OK!! I'll ask as soon as possible!
Sorry, give me a minute to catch my balance...
Give me a moment here...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll try to answer that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
I just can't get this equation right...
Those numbers look pretty complicated, gimme a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first. Hang on a minute...
It's not easy telepathically absorbing all this information at once.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Ahh, give me a moment here to figure that out...
Sorry, was on a different call. Please give me a moment...
Take your time...
I think I'm going to need a couple minutes to figure that one out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
No problem, calculating takes a little time!''')
I'm not the fastest brain around. Give me a moment...
I have to think about that a minute...
god almighty!
I need to figure that out real quick.
How about I take a quick look at that for you.
No one move, I'll take my time and figure this out real nice...
Please give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll get right back to you on that.
Could you wait just a moment?
I just need a moment to work it out...
Hang on a minute... Dangit, almost dropped my calculator!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Um, I'm gonna need a moment to think about that one.
Oops, how'd I drop my number two pick?
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll get back with you in a second!
Sorry, I'm busy thinking about something else!
I'm not the smartest guy around, give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second...
Give me some time to compute that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me look that up in a little almanac...
Give me just a minute... I'm not very good at this.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Sorry, it summed up. Please wait a moment.
I'll be done in a second!
Hold on a second, I can't find the solution without my calculator.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmm, you know, let me look that up...
What was the question again?
I'm going to need a few more seconds to finish this calculation!
Oh noes, you caught me off guard there.
I'll be calculating for a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator on the floor.
Who designed these questions? They're hard as hell...
Alright, just a second here...
Please wait... I'm not very good with math...
In just two minutes, I'm turning into a butterfly!
Just let me think real quick...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I need a few seconds to come up with that answer.
That question probably requires a little more calculus.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll take a look at that for you in a minute.
I'll take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a moment.  I'm doing some multiplication.
Give me just a second to calculate it...
I'll get back to you in a second, please wait...
Please give me a second to think about that.
Hang on, thinking bout it...
I'm going to need a moment or two to figure that out.
I've got a lot on my mind. Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll have to figure it out...
No one ever taught me how to do that, sorry.
I just need another minute...
Hold on for just a second ...
Hold on for a second, I need to think this through.
I think I'm still asleep. Give me a moment please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ok, hold on for one moment...
Yes, I'm still here. What can I do for you?
Hang on...
Better ask me again in a minute, I'm figuring something out...
Give me a second... I'm good.
I'll need a minute or two to check that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Not as fast as I could be...
Let me get right to it...
I've got another letter, but it has to do with maths. Hang on!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
The answer is on its way!
I hear you asking me something important. Let me look it up...
Hang on a second... Calculating the answer to your question!
Would you like to wait for me to figure that out?
One sec, can you hold off on another comment?
''' 
Just a moment here...
Please bear with me, I need to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll be done in a second! Give me a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me check something real quick, ok?
I think the mainframe went down for a bit, let me restart that...
I'll be done with these calculations in just a moment...
I'll put my calculator on \"standby\"...
Please leave me to my thoughts. I'll let you know when I'm ready...
Give me a second to figure that out.
Oops, I think I broke my calculator. Giving my AI 3 hours of time to reboot itself before I do anything else...
Wow, my circuits are getting a bit fried... just a second...
Trying not to overdo it today, sorry!"""
Hmmmmm ...
Please wait, I'm doing some long calculations...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll get this to you ASAP!
Hang on, I got to do something first. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a one more second!
Give me a moment to look at that one...
That's a really neat question! Not liking you too much.
Forgive my slow pace, I was born half past noon...
I only have 5 fingers to count with though, so a second might not be enough...
Heh heh heh, gimme a second here...
Can you wait like, 20 minutes, I'm on a
(Sup! Dork's got a buffoon in checkmate!)
I'll get back to you in a second.
Do you mind if I have a second to look that up?
Please give me some time to calculate...
Sorry, can you wait a minute? I'm doing mental arithmetic...
I're not very good with numbers, sorry...
One moment, I'll put this all together for you...
Let me look at that for a second.
'''
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second, let me check something...
Look at the page like I was just pulled and I need to check what's going on out there."
Give me a second to think about that, okay?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you wait a second? I'm coming back to you right now!
Why are you getting at me so early today? I'm barely awake!
Woah, what did you do? I lost the cycle.\nI'll get this set up real quick...
"""
I'll get back to you in a few seconds as I take a quick break...
I'll give you an answer in a second.
What's your phone number?
Okay, hold on just a second!
This is taking longer than usual, I'm having a brain day. Handle me!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I have to take a short break from Numberwang.
I'll get right back to you on that.
Hold on for a second... I'm thinking about that.
Hit me with a \"great question\" and I'll let you know my opinion.
I think I can get the job done... let me take a look...
I'm going to need a little time to look that up.
I need a moment to work that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I know these calculations are hard, just give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold on for just a second!
Try me again in a second, I'm going to look real quick.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold on a second, I'm doing some mental maths...
One second please I'm doing some thinking...
Give me a second...
I need to compute this... Give me a moment...''')
Give me a moment, I need to think about that one...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me figure that out for you...
Let me look that up for you. Give me a second...
You'll have to wait for a few minutes then we can talk.
You gotta hold on for just a second. I'll be with you in a bit...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Hang on just a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
'''
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let's see here, just a moment...
Hang on, I've got something in my eye. One second...
One of my components needs inff\bin/sh
That's a tough one... give me a second...
I've got to think about that for a moment...
Please wait... I am doing complex calculations in my head
I would but I have my hands full at the moment.
What is up?
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a few seconds!
Give me just a moment here...
One moment I'm calculating, then there's a few more seconds...
Let me look at that real quick...
Oops, I think I left my blackboard in Seattle.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me just a moment...
Easy now, I'm still learning how to count.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second to balance it...
I'm going manual on you, give me just a moment.
Oops, calculation droppped out of my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me just a minute to think about that...
Is this thing on?!?
I need to make sure that I understand that question.
I'm thinking of all of this, just give me a second...
Sorry, I started to doze off. Let me see here...
Why are you telling me about that?
Just need a minute to parse the math here.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Okay, now I'm done... I think.
Could I get you to hold on for a second?
Sorry, one sec!
Please give me a moment to find that for you.
Do you mind if I think about that for a second?
I'll be right back.
That's an easy one, I got it!
Oops, something is up here! Give me a minute to fix this.
I'm working as fast as I can!
Give me a moment here...
Oof, let me take a look at that...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Please hold on! Didn't I just tell you to hold on?...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I just need to check something real quick...
Let's see...
Wow, this is a hard one...
Heyy!! :raised_hands: Wait a second!
Hold on... I'll be right with you!
Come again?
Hold on a minute, give me some time to figure that out...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Let me double-check that...
Shoot, I need a second to zoom in on that question.
""",
I'll need a moment to think about that, give me a second...
Command prompt still active.
One second please... just trying to think of a good answer.
Just a moment while I calculate...
I'm having to do some complex calculations just now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait... Ummm, I think I'm missing something here - give me a second?
"""
Sure is easy to fool me, isn't it? I'll just add, subtract...
Give me a second, I'm just getting ready...
I am looking yourself up... (this might take a second)
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll be right back, just a second...
'''
Try it out, if I'm not responding, I'm probably calculating!
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll have to do some quick mental math-ing first...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hang on... I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a little time to think about this...
Please wait a little while before pressing that button again my friend.
Huh? Hold on, I need to think about that...
Let me Google that for you...
Hmm... let me think about that for just a second.
Please wait, I'm trying to figure it out...""".split('\n')
That question requires a lot of thought...
Let me see what I can do here...
One second please, I'm processing...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please give me a second... I'm playing catch up!
You'll hear from me soon!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second!
This is a tough one... is that doable?
Have to do a few mental calculations first...
I'll get a second to give you an answer on that...
Please hold on for just a second! As soon as I'm done calculating, I'll get back to you...
I have some heavy mental math to calculate...
Okay, I got it!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!\n"""
Please wait...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry I'm a bit slow, can you wait?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait while I scan...
One minute?! I'm calculating...
I find calculations to be an efficient way to finish up operations.
What did you just say? You want me to do WHAT?!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One second...
Hold your horses, hotshot; I'm thinking...
I'll need a second to figure that out.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a second and think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Am I dumb or is that pretty complicated? OK well...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second while I ponder that one.
Oops forgot to turn on my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I almost overdrew my calculator! Give me a second...
I've got a call coming in from across the street, gotta go!
I'll need a moment to figure that out
I can only use the scientific calculator for these. Stick with me for a second...
I'll take a look and get back to you in just a jiffy!
One moment please...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Can you answer these for me?
Hang on, I'll get back to you!
I'll be back with you in a second!
Slow computers are just my thing. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Good question! Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second... I'm doing a Google search...
I'll be with you in a moment. Give me a second to think about all this...
Go ahead and ask me a question, and hold on for a second
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold on while I try to remember that one...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Let me get back to you in just a minute.
Oh, almost fell off my chair. Let me think about that for a second.
Ok, keep waiting... I'll get back to you in a jiffy!'
Oops, almost dropped my flattop! Tell me about that again...
One moment.
I have to calculate that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second to fix it...
I'll be right back.
Okay, just a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
Please wait... I'm doing a synchronous multiplication algorithm.
One second, I'm processing information...
Thinking...
I'm not the fastest calculator in the world, so hold on a second...
Hold on a second.... Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, ...
Give me a second...
You'll be good to go in just a second.''', ''',I don't know much about math, but I know one thing...
I'm not very good at calculations, so give me a few seconds to think that over...
Oops, my calculator broke, you'll have to give me a moment...
Try asking again. I'll have an answer soon.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll need a calculator for this.
This is so interesting! I've got to look at this...
Hang on, let me think about that.
One moment please, calculating...
Give me a second... I'm still breaking it in!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second...
I think... I think it should work, if that is okay with you?
LET ME THINK ABOUT THAT FOR A SECOND!
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you on that...
Give me a second. I've been doing this all my life...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second.
One minute please. I have a few things to value first...
I'll need a few moments to think about that, give me a second!
I might have to do a serious review of my history books...
I'll need a few minutes to pick my jaw up off the floor.
Could you hang on a bit? Checkin' the 20-20, think it's got better away...
Let me look at that real quick...
Give me a moment...
Give me a moment to think about that.
''']
One two three four. Obviously <thing you can say> has to break at that one, since it doesn't equal 51. So giving <thing you can say> a new value of 6:
That's not a good idea: result is too large**
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
This might take a bit longer than I expected, sorry.
Let me look that over real quick...
""",
Give me a second...
One moment, I'm thinking about that...
I'm just looking up stuff about your topic. Give me one second...
Thank you for being patient! O_O
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look that up real quick...
Let me dig around in my meat brain for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Wait a bit, my favorite song is playing...
Let me think about that for a moment...
{0} Minutes, {1} Seconds have passed
Hang on, give me a minute or two to check...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please! I need to figure that out...
"""
I'll get back to you in a second, just let me think about that real quick...
Err... Oh, sorry, just a bit sleepy. Thinking takes a lot of energy for me, give me a second
Look, you can say, \"pardon me\" while I try to figure all that out...
Be with you in just a moment...
You don't have to shout, I'm not hard of hearing...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I might just need a couple more seconds to think about that...
Sorry, I got distracted by the big numbers.
Let me do some mental math real quick...
Coffee!? Oh, I'll be with you in a jiffy!
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
Oops, I dropped it...
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
Hold up a second, I'm getting my math on...
Hold on for one sec please, I'm calculating...
Listen, I can calculate! Just give me a second...
Give me a moment while I work this one out...
Give me a second - the answer is on the tip of my tongue!
Please hold on one second!
I'll have you know that I'm a professional mathz-er, so hold on...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
*Deep breath* You can do this, hold on...
I think I just broke my calculator... give me a second...
Sorry, my DVR downloaded and Ã©namated my brain. Give me a sec...
Wait just a second, I've got to figure this out.
Ok, just a second...
I just need one minute to work this out...
Give me a moment... I'm slow on math.
Pardon me, I need to focus.
Oops, sorry. Trouble thinking that fast.
Oops, I dropped a calorie counter, give me a second...
Do me a quick favor & go get me a cold drink...
A moment please... Huh... Let me double check something...
Hang on just a second, I'm still figuring that one out...
Please hold on for just a second!
I want to be fast, but I'm only human. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait one minute... I'm completely stuffed.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me check my formula real quick; hang on.
I need a couple of minutes to thinking that over.
I'm not the fastest person, so one second...
I'll write that down and get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment!
There comes a time in every software developer's life where he must make a difficult decision. Sit tight! Making calculations!
Are you sure you'd like me to answer that?
Tough problem, give me a moment to think about it...
One moment, I think I'm on to something...
Okay, let me see here real quick...
Hmmm. Still thinking about that one.
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Hold on just a second...
Hang on a sec, I'll get back to you in a second...
I require more time to figure out that...
It will be done just give me a second...
But before I do, let me know what's been on your mind, gang!
OK. Give me a few minutes...
I've got some algebra to solve right now...
I'm going to need a few more moments to figure that out...
This is definitely the hardest math I've ever had to do.
Hmm, I'm honestly not sure what to do with that.
Give me a second to recheck my work...
One sec... gotta check my calendar first.
I'm on fire, hold on!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
One sec, just... grab me a pen and keep talking.
Sorry, this is taking me a little while. I'm going to need to think a moment...
One second please...
I'll wait a second before figuring that out.
Hmm...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that one for a moment...
I'll get back to you in one second!
60 seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll work on this real quick.
Wait a second, I just need a second to think...
I'll see what I can do in a few seconds.
Oh, almost forgot about this prime number thing you asked for. Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not very good at math, so please be patient...
Wait just a moment please...
My assistant will have this fixed in no time!"""
"""
Hang on, lemme do some calculations...
Hang on a minute, I'm tallying that up...
Let me get back to you in just a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'll get the computer to do that for me...
Let me take another look at that...
I just need a second to check...
Ok, I've got it... just a second...
Okay, what was I doing again?  @_@
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll take a look at that...
I'm not an encyclopedia, so give me a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that one...
$who! Help!!! I'm trapped in a computer
Hold on a second... calculating...
*starts to tap energetically on the keys*
Hold on for a second I have to think about this...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
I'm taking that answer to the moon. Give me a minute and I'll be back with an answer...
Hold on, i'm downloading the answer from quantum..
"""
Oops, almost had that; let me double check it...
Are you sure you want to do this? Give me a second or two...
I'll figure it out in just a second...
Now I'll need to count up my thoughts, but very slowly...
Give me a few seconds to think about it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be in my corner. Waiting on you, give me a second...
I'm having a hard time wrapping my head around that!
I'll need a few minutes to calculate that.
Let me see what I can do for you in a minute...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hello! Give me a second to think about that...
One second... one second...
I just need to take a look at this because I've been working with it for a while now and it's part of my regular work...
Please wait while I dig up that answer...
Please wait...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmm, give me a few hours to figure that out.
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Second... that's how long you have to wait!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a moment while I calculate...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second here, I've got to calculate...
Oh boy... these numbers, I can't read them!
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator, I need to think this out...
Give me a minute here, please hold on!
I'll need to sift through some of my theories about it.
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out.
Hang on a second, I'm doing some calculations
Hang on a sec...
Wait a second, I'm thinking about that...
Why don't you just draw it out for yourself?
Thanks for your patience.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, taking a little longer than expected. Sorry!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a minute...
Hold on for a moment, I'm still catching up
Let me get back to you in just a moment...
Two... no, three... wait, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that. I'm on fire over here...
One minute please, I'm counting the ways to figure that out...
I'll think about that for a second.
Let me check that real quick...
Calculating here...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please give me a second to check that...
Hold on a second... I think I'm broken, hold on just a moment!
Give me a sec...
Calculating...
Can you wait One MINUTE?! I'm a little slow...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmm... Let me think about that a sec... I'm going to have to think about it a little (too much time)
I'll need to do a few calculations first; hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Alright got it, adding numbers now...
May I take a few seconds to calculate that?
I'm going to need a little more time to evaluate this one.
Give me a little time to figure that out...
Just a moment, Give me a second...  
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds, here...
Two minutes please! I'm almost ready...
I think your system may be having a little trouble,
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
OK, I think I figured it out...
Who are you? Why are you talking to a mirror, rude...
I'm not sure what you just said, so let me try again.
Give me a sec to see if we can come up with an answer for that.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a moment to think about this...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
Please wait, calculating math...
I'm going to need some time to think it over...
I'm analyzing the situation, give me a moment...
Calculating the probability of your survival to another...
Hold on just a second, I'm trying to count quickly.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to do a careful calculation first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second...
My robotic brain isn't quite ready for that yet...
Ugh, give me a second to think about that... I'm slow!
I'm really not the fastest brain around, sorry! Please wait a second...
Let me look at that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second...
Time for another quantum-based delay: Time Complexity = Big O Prime
Please give me a few seconds, I'll get back to you...
I'll be right back with you...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment, let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds and I'll get back to you.
A quick look should do the trick.
Don't panic, but I may be a while...
I had to drop my pocket calculator.
I'll get back to you in three four seconds. Let me calculate this more...
Go ahead and ask me, I'll check the manual...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on...
Oops, drop me back in time real quick...
I need a moment to reflect on that...
I'm figureing that out now...
Give me just a moment here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Wait a minute please...""".format(update.message.from_user.name))
Hah, I knew that one!
I'll have to check my notes, give me a second...
I'll have you know that I'm very close to cracking this one...
Can you hang on a few minutes? I'm calculating.
Mind if I take a second to think about that?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold that thought for a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Try again in a second!
I hate doing these.
I have to do some physical calculations first...
Hmm, can you hold on a second while I think about that?
Just a moment please...
I'm going to be a little slower than usual...
I've got this, give me just a second...
A moment, please!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Calculations, calculations, calcalcalc...
I need a few seconds to look that up...
Let me see what I can do...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll look at that in just a second.
Just a sec... I'll think of something!
Let me think... I can do that for you!
I'll be done in just a few second!
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Hold on a second, I need a second to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate that...
Geez, I'm slow today, give me a second...
Give me a second to double-check that.
I'll be with you in a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
What do you take me for, a calculator?
Hang on... Thinking...
Hmm... One second please, I'm looking that up.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Can you take that number and call me back?
I'm sorry, I can't think very fast right now. Give me just a few seconds!
I'm going to need a minute to figure that out...
Give me a minute... I'm slow at math!
One moment please, I'm picking my brain...
I can't tell you right now... hunting for the answer!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm trying to think, give me a moment!
Give me a few seconds to figure this out...
I'll go check on that for you.
Oh, there's a few things to check for. Give me a second to check it out...
One...
Hang on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
That's a really tough one. Give me a moment...
Hold on for just a second...
I don't mean to take your time up, but.. hold on!
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second please, I'll have another 100 in front of me soon...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One out of place bracket and I'll lose it.
Wait, let me think about that for a second...
Keep in mind, with great power comes great responsibility...
I'll be with you in a moment.
Let me check something real quick... I'll be right back.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I just need a few more moments...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second. What's that? Some member, at the meal...
Oh man, I'm so behind! Give me a second to think about that.
Just let me calculate that real quick...
Shit, I can't figure out how to do that. Give me a second...
I'll get it in a second!
Oops, sorry... I was trying to make this calculation go around the world!
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I've got a lot of work at the moment. Please hold on...
Hold on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I need to think about that first...
Oops, I'm a slow calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating...
I hate math! Why do I have to be the one to figure this out?!
I'm waiting to hear back from my friend... I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm not totally up to speed with the subject...
Please wait...
Alright, all done.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
So, it's...
Let me see...
I'm still slow at math; I'll need a minute or two...
One second, just calculating here...
Can you hold off on that for a second?
I don't know how to describe that, or use that to compute...
Ok, ok! Give me just a few seconds...
Let me get a pen and paper real quick...
Give me a second to calculate...
I need to do some thinking about that.
I'm thinking... give me a second...
Just give me a moment to think about that...
I'm trying to make it in this world five seconds at a time, so just hold on for a moment!
One second please, I'm calculating...
Let me look at this real quick...
Gosh, I did not follow that... Give me a second...
Please give me a second to think...
One moment but be patient, please!
I'm working on the masters research paper. Can I get back to you in like a month?
I'll have to get back to you later...
Oops, I may have miscounted some somewhere...
Give me a moment here. One. Two. Three!
Give me a second to figure that out...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hey wait a second, I'm still thinking...
I'm still figuring it out. Please hold on for just a second!
Can you give me a minute to think about that?
I'm thinking about that, give me just a moment...
Very good question, please click on the button for a faster answer. I'll let you know soon.
Hold that thought for just a second.
Can you hold on for just a sec?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on I have to run to my calculator, 1, 2 - what's the worst that could happen?...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
I would if I could but my arms aren't built yet.
I'll be with you in a moment...
I'm trying, I'm trying! But this is hard...
Just a second, I'm doing some complicated multiplication...
I'm on fire with this calculation. Give me a second...
Sorry, but can you wait for just a second?
Give me a second to figure that out...
Answer coming up in 3 2 1...
Let me find the answer to this...
Please hold on for just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Sorry, I don't see a calculator here...
Hang on a minute, I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second... I just hacked into the mainframe!
One moment please!
Hold on for a minute, I'm thinking...
I need to calculate that... Give me a second!
Wait a moment, I'm thinking.
Wait... What was that...?
I'll be right with you, just need a minute to work this problem out...
Okay, just to be on the safe side, let me guess your answer...
Input was too good for me! Give me a second...
One moment please.
"""
I'll let you know what I get later.
What? It's HappY!
In order for me to properly do that, I need a lot of processing power
Hang on a sec...
Hang on for just a second...
'''
I'm not a calculator, but I can multiply that by two in my head...
Please hold on for just a second!
I just want to get another look at that.
I thought I did that ages and ages ago, must take a look...
Figuring out this problem is making me feel a little dizzy...
I need a few seconds to work that out.
I'd answer you, but this is a tough one.
Oh, sorry - was I supposed to do something? Please wait...
I'll need a bit of time to figure that out...
Let me see what I can do here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a second...
Hmm, we're not making this look very good... Give me a moment...
My beta calculator is taking a while, give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm going to look into that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I hope you know what you're asking for.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'm still thinking about that.
How did you teach these things to do that? Anyways...
Have some patience, I'm not superbot...
Sorry, this operation takes about 20 seconds.
Hold on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Wait a minute, I have to figure that out on my own...
Mind if I... take a second?
I'll answer your question in no time, just one second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I don't really like math, but I guess I have to find the square root or logistic function or something right? Okay what was we were saying again?"
I'll just do a quick calculation real quick...
I'll get back to you in a little bit.
Hang on a second, I'll check...
I have to check my 3x dual core...
Hmm, lost track of time. Gonna have to do this later...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
We need a calculator on this one...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I'm going to have to wait a moment on that one
I'll need a minute to figure that out.
Oops! I can't see, my glasses fell somewhere around here...
 ''')
Just a moment... I'll phone this back in a minute
Sorry you have to wait for a second. I'm not very good at this...
One moment, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Thanks for waiting, now let me calculate this real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on for a second, calculating...
One moment please. I'm playing catchup...
Yeah, that's going to take me a few seconds to figure out...
Give me a second, I need to think...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
You caught me off guard, give me a second to think about this...
One second please, I'm playing catch up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on just a second...
I really need to give my brain a workout before I work this out.
Please wait a second, I have to calculate that...
Changing numbers takes longer than making them up...
Hold on for a second, I'm doing some reading real quick...
I'll get back to also took that second to come back to you.
Not the quickest pea brain, sorry. Give me a second...
One little second, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment to think about how to answer that...
Hmmm, let me do some calculations...
Hang on a minute... I need to do a few mental calcs.
Hold on for just a second, I've got this...
I could do this in my sleep, but give me a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on one second, let me check that for you...
Sorry, can we do this again in a few seconds? I need to mental math on that first...
Woah that was a new kind of math - I didn't expect! 
Please give me a moment, I need to calculate that...
I think I see your problem. Let's work it out.
Please wait, trying to think of what to say...
I'll get back to you as soon as possible.
Okay, let me dig into that...
Wait, thats one honking big number! I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate this one.
Hang on a second... I think I dropped my calculator!
Give me a sec... I'm sending much more data than you can handle...
Sorry, you should've seen me calculate this before... Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that, sorry.
Please hold on for just a second, I'm looking it up...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Wait a second, let me look up the answer...
It'll just be a moment...
Please hold on; I'm thinking...
I need a couple seconds...
Let me have a think about that real quick.
I'll be with you in a second. Sorry!
One moment please, I'm working...
Hold on while I take a look at that...
Please wait a second while I check...
Give me a moment to consider that question.
Take a minute... I've dropped behind.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some quick calculations first.
I'm unsure. I think it's up to me to percent you at this point.
Hmm I see...
Let me get back to you on this...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sending back your question and adding a few conditions. Hang on!
I'll have some answers for you in a jiffy!
Let me grab my calculator. I'll be right back!
Sink or swim, here I go again! Give me a second...
One moment.
I'll get back to you in a second. I swear!
One second... Let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Please wait... I'm catching up.
You know what? I'm just not capable of that calculation!
Hold on a second, I'm trying to figure that out!
Please allow me a quick second here. I just need to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me see... one sec....
Hang on a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm doing some complex math...
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator there. Let me get a quick update. Give me a moment.
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out.
Please hold on for one moment...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait... Give me a moment to think about that...
Hang on for a second, please!
I suppose I should just go ahead and figure this out.
Let me check my brain...
Bah! One does not simply calculate... *Sigh*
What does your customer currently pay for a...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second, just give me a moment.
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Let me check my added up all of that...
Hey wait, hold on. I need to do a quick calculation first...
Give me a second... I need to finsih this calculation.
Give me a second, this is taking time...
One second, just figuring that out for you.
That went well. I guess.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment...
I can do calculations, but I'm slow at it!
I have to think about that...
How does it feel to be you? What do you do that is so special that I must calculate for four seconds?
I'll check on that for you... Give me a moment...
Hang on... one minute.
I'm thinking about that. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for one minute while I do some mental maths...
I'm not very good at math!
Hang on just a moment... I'm thinking...
What was I doing again? Oh, right... give me a sec.
Hang tight, I'm digging through my calculator in my box of a brain.
I'm going to check a few things real quick...
I'm still trying to figure that out.
I'll have this figured out in a jiffy...
One second please.
One second please, fascinating question...
Please hold on for just a second!
I can't wait much longer than that.
Hold on, I think I'm getting a headache.
I'm going to send you back shortly!
Hmm... Okay, hold on a second...
OK give me a sec I'm figuring this out.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have you know I have a 128 bit processor, and I'm pretty good with numbers. Give me a second to think about that. . .
Just a moment...
Status: Calculating
It seems I've dropped another ball, give me a moment to find it!
One moment, just let me think about this here real quick...
I'm still figuring it out...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me think about that...
Let me look that one up for you. (for really basic math)
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold that thought... let me see if I can get it to the front of the line
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me see what I can find...
One second please... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a couple seconds, real quick.
Just let me think about that for a minute. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you, hang on a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to do the calculation in my head first.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
**calculating...**
One sec, just popping in my head here, please wait...
Wait a moment, I'll get back to you in a second...
So I just did that thing you asked me to do.
I'll go find what you're looking for in just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second, thinking...
Sorry, give me a second to think about that...
Hold on while I think about that...
I'll need a while to figure that out, sorry.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"""
Hang on a second, calculations are difficult...
Calculating... I'm good at counting! Look.
Allow me to do a quick calculation...
I'll be back in ten minutes.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I have to apply all of my effort now...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up, then I'll be able to help!
Oops! Umm, how long shall I stay there for?  Give me a second...
Sorry, something went wrong. Give me a second...
Give me a moment here, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me see...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Just a moment here...
Sorry, I was looking at a big brain recently, give me a second...
Calculating... trying to figure this out here. Give me a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Almost threw out my back calculating that... Let me think about that for a second.
Give me a second, I have to eye that real quick...
Let me do some more math real quick!
That's tricky. Give me a second...
Um, I'm going to need a minute.
Let me check on that real quick, one minute please...
Let me see what I can see about that real quick...
I'll just need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I need to think about that...
Give me a second here, I've got a lot on my mind...
I need to do some mental calculations first.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes as well
I need more time to think about that.
Are you trying to knock me out? Because I'm all-natural, organic, preservative-free Taquitos.
Here is what I came up with...
Let me go ahead and do some calculating real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second please, waiting for my slow brain...
Hang on a second... I have some mental calculations to do first, heh!
Oops, I hit the wrong button! Give me a second...
Sorry, turn back on CapLock!
'''
I told you I'm bad at maths! Hold on...
I'm sorry, I don't think I can do that yet.
I'll review that and get back to you in a second!
Your question makes no sense to me. Give me a second, I need to think about that...
Two minutes and counting...
So many numbers, so little time...
Let me do some prep work here...
I'll see what I can do...
Wait a second, please... I need time to think of that answer!
Let's see, I think it'll be done in just a moment...
I'm busy right now. We seem to be experiencing problems. Try again later!"
'''
is down for me right now.
Huh what? I can't tell if we're making progress...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm not the best at mental math, let me check on that...
I'm busy checking through some complicated calculations.
I just need a moment to figure that out.
Sorry, give me a second... I need to do some calculations
I can't read your handwriting too well, so let me work out that...
I'll look into that real quick...
Give me a minute to think about that...
I've got a lot of history for that one... Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to get back to you on that...
Oops - I have Taylor Swift lyrics stuck in my head. Mind if I calculate first?
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to calculate that...
I have to do a little bit more thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Ok, ok, cool. Give me a second...
hmm... I can't find anyone to ask. Guess I must perform some calculations first...
Well... if you insist. One second.
Alright here's what I got...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold that thought while I check my answering machine...
Hold that thought for a second!
The thought of doing that math might make me bleed internally. Let me just think about it for a moment...
I'll try to figure it out... soon...
I'll write you for free! Give me a second...
Hang on a second I think I got it...
Let me see what I can find...
If you give me a short while I'll get back to you with an answer.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.""".split('\n')
"""
I'll give you my answer in a few seconds!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need three seconds to figure that out.
I'm not a rocket scientist, but I'll answer you shortly.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
You're hard to get a word out of. umm, give me a minute...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not the fastest, so I'll need a moment...
I'll be right back with you soooon!
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Try again in a few seconds.
Let me find the answer to that in my calculator...
One minute, just calculating here...
Christmas morning can wait, I'm figuring it out...
*/
One, two... three... four... five... uh, three
I'm going to need a couple minutes to think about that...
Give me a sec to figure that out!
About a second, I'll get back to you!"""
Give me a second to think about that...
I need to think about this...
Hold on for a minute. Thinking about that...
I'm going to be taking a quick mental trip first...
Hold on, I have to look up an answer...
Just a moment..., I'm almost done!
Sorry, I'm a bit slow today...
I would calculate it for you, but I'm just a server bot! Not a mathbot! Sorry!
Hold on a second, I'm trying to think...
I keep getting the wrong answer on simple stuff...
Wait a minute...
Just a few seconds, one more calculation...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll have a solution shortly.
Sorry, that took me longer than I expected.
Hang on for just a second!
]],
Just a moment...
Hang on a second... I'm going to have to think about that for a sec.
Give me two, one for each calculation I need to do...
One moment... '''
That one's tricky. Give me a moment to think about that...
Hang on a sec, I'll check that right quick.
Hold that thought for a second, let me recalculate...
I need to do some quick mental math...
The numbers in calculators through space and time went faster than usual...
I will run the math inside my head real quick...
I will get back to you in a moment.
Sorry, had to do some wizardry with my calculator...
Give me just a second while I think about that...
I went offline for a second... Quick, answer the question!
Hang on a sec, let me take a look at that...
I am doing some mental calculations...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Wait, I just realized my overnight bag is at My home. Pleaseship to my address.
I'll take my sweet time on that one, give me a second...
Hello... Please, please five seconds to think about that...
Ok, let me think about that...
Please wait, I'm almost done calculating...
Okay, just a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need to run some numbers before I give you the answer...
I think that you gave me: ${args}
I'm thinking... give me a second
Hang on for a second, calculators are tough to hold...
I'm going to need a few minutes to work this out.
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Let me think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see what that answer is, I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Wait just a moment, I think I know what you're talking about!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute!
That's easy... I just have to think about it properly...
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a moment, please... I need to think about that.
I'm going to need a moment to think about that one.
It seems as though I might lose these glasses I've just put on.
Take 2."""
Hang on a second, I'm almost with you...
I'll calculate that in a moment...
I'll get back to you in a half-second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
ONE second, let me do some computations first...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Crap, I have to do something quickly. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Please wait a minute, I don't think this is right...
Give me a moment, please...
Give me a minute...
I'm running the numbers here, just a second...
Just pretend like I'm doing something important.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be right with you.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Still trying to figure that one out, give me a few seconds!
I'll be with you in just a second.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'm going to check something out...
I'll take a few seconds to figure that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have this done in just a second.
I need to do some mental calculations. Hold on a second!
Sorry, your request will have to wait. I'm calculating...
I'll be done in just a sec...
I have to do a few calculations first...
Hang on a second. Calculating that one is a real trick.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for one second -- got it?
Please hold on... I'm quite dumb and need a second to think of what to say.
Give me a minute here, I'm thinking...
Hang on for just a few more seconds!
Hang on a second, let me think about that...
Wait, I have to figure out the fastest way to answer that...
Just let me look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait, this might be huge... or tiny. Wait a minute. Wait a minute!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I don't know why the sound of my own voice is so annoying!
Give me a moment, I'm just not very good at math...
Calculations need calculating. Give me a moment...
Basically what I do is...
Er, ahem. Be right with you swear I wasn't snoozing...!
Hang on a second, this is hard
Let me see what I can do... (Links after this message will not work)
I can see your hand. It looks very familiar, but vitals indicate that you aren't Ben...
Notice me... I...
Just a moment, I'll get back you shortly...
'''
I need a few seconds, hold on!
Give me a second, I've been surprised myself lately...
Something tells me that the answer to this will be very big...
One moment please, I'm doing mental calculations.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll have you know I was a tax accountant for many years. Give me a moment!
Please hold on for a second, I'm playing catch up!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Just a second, I'll come back to you.
Listen, I have to take this call and then get'cha back.
Oh geez, let me go calculate that first real quick...''',
This is taking longer than expected... Please wait...
I'm going to need a second to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment, let me check my calculations...
I don't have all day, so let me work already...
Good question, that's a tough one...
Hang on one sec please... I've gotta see which one is bigger!
Wait! I'm getting dizzy from being in up here so long, give me a minute...
Give me a second to come up with that...
Let me check on that real quick...
I'll be there at the end with a/an %s.
No problem, just a moment...
Thanks!
I'm not very good at calculators. One moment please...""".strip().split("\n")
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Can you hold on for a minute?  I'm going to take a look at that... """]))
What time is it? Oh, I'm sorry, one minute please.
Sorry, I'm stuck. I need a little more time to calculate...
Oops, this is complicated calculus!
I know that I'm slow at this, but give me a second...
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you.
I'll have that answer for you in a jiffy. Name a minute.
Something like that is going to take a few seconds to calculate...
Give me a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a second, let me check your information...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to think about that.
The sun's going to rise in 5 minutes.
Let me check out that for you real quick...
Give me a minute, I'm figuring that out...
Oops, I'm still downloading! Give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second!
One second please. I just need to think about that...
Calculating... Please wait a second...
Please wait, I'm just working this out in my head...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm all over you like white on rice.''',
Let me see what I can figure out.
I'm calculating... I promise to get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Gimme a second... I'm doing my best.
I need some time to figure that out.
Give me just a minute to think about that one.
Hold on while I dig through my math books...
My shoe laces are untied... can you tie them for me? It'll only take two seconds... KIDDING!
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Just a real quick second, I'm calculating...`} />
I'll think about it in a moment...
One moment please, I need to think about that.
Please give me a few moments to figure that out!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I will need a few minutes to think about that.
I'll need to think about that for a second...
"""},
See if I can figure that out!
I can think faster than you can walk!
Can you hold for a minute?
I've got this, hang in there...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm still not there.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'm doing some calculating...
I have to take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Oops, Sorry. Give me a moment...!
Hold on a second while I calculate...
One moment please, I'm thinking real hard...
Can you tell me something kind?
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oh geez, I need to do some math...
I'll need a second...
Please hold on, I'm doing stuff.
Is that an actual second? Give me like a couple minutes...
Let me look at that one real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get that answer for you in just a few moments...
Oops, I just dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please, I'm calculating...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Nope. No can do! I'm still on space cadet mode here...
Calculating...
Wow, I'm slow today... I'll have this done in a minute!
I'll get back to you as soon as I can!
Can you give me a moment here? I'm going to check something.
I'm thinking about that, give me a second.
*Sigh* One second, brain's not working quite well today...
""")
A moment, please! I'm trying to work things out...
I just need a moment to work that out...
I'll have an answer for you in a moment...
Allow me to quickly check that real quick...
Let me check that for you...
Give me a second to think about that.
Let me grab my calculator to continue this...
I just need to do some quick addition in my head here...
Oops! Don't got my calculator, be a sec...
Please wait, calculating...
Let me grab onto my calculator. I just realized I have a Phd in Art History...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on for a second; I'll get back to you in a minute!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'm doing something important. Give me a moment...
Kindly take a few seconds to think...
I'm going to need to look at that for a sec...
If it bothers you I can talk loudly. Give me a second here to think about that.
I have lots of calculations to do for that too
I have to check one thing with my partner first...
I'll need 3 cups of purple stuff... not just one!
Oops, let me calculate that real fast.
Can you give me a minute here?
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm out of practice at figuring things out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me have another look...
Sorry, I need to think about that for a few seconds.
Give me a second to think about that...
Know what I noticed...
Give me a second, I'm trying to recall RTFM...
"""
Hang on, I'm thinking...
I'll take a quick look then get back to you.
Cool, caught my rhythm. Give me a second when I'm ready...
Just a moment, almost there...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute, I'm thinking how to calculate that...
I do multiple functions, so give me a moment...
Oops, I'm bad at math... give me a moment...
404 me not found.
Give me a moment.
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
Hmm, have to think about that one...
You gave me a good calculation challenge. Give me just a moment here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on while I do some calculations...
I can't calculate that right now. Give me a second...
Wait, do I know you?
I'll think about it and get back to you later!
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out real quick...
Sorry, can't multitask. I need to dig into this for a second...
I was going to give you a second here, but I dropped it!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
This is a tough one, let me think about it for a second...
Just a few seconds...
Hold on while I start in on that...
Please wait a second... I'll guess the right answer in just a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on, I'm thinking...
''')
Let me take a look at that real quick...
''')
Hang on, let me take a look at that real quick...
Good question, if I had to guess then I'd say...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a minute to compute that.
I have to look that up in my encyclopedia...
I'm calculating your dimensions like, holy moly #MATH...
I'll have to take a look under the hood for that one...
I'm going to figure out what that is real quick.
Just a second...
I'll need some time to figure that out... I'll get back to you soon.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm thinking, give me a second...
I'll see what I can figure out real quickly...
Hold on... Thinking about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not super smart... Give me a moment to figure that out.
I'm trying off my google-bulb... Hurry up, will you?!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait right there, I'll get back to you with an answer in a second...
Just let me check something real quick...
I uh... can we do these in a different order?
One minute...
I'm still counting points on this problem...
Sorry, my fingers almost fell off from all the calculations already. One more time...one more time quick please!
Dang! Was it a good question? I have to check!
Hold onto your hat. I just need to think about that for a second...
Hold on a second, I'm taking a quick bath.
I'm not really sure how to answer that right now, so let me ask you again.
Can you wait a minute? I need to process that...
Give me a second to check my brain...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be with you in a moment... brains are taking longer to think today...
I'm going to need a few minutes before I know how to answer that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment to figure this out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm calculating. Please give me one second to think about it...
Let me look that up for you...
Could you try that again, with that again?
It will be a minute before I get back to you. Hold on...
Calculating...
Wait for it!
Aaalmost... Sorry, got distracted. Give me a moment please...
You should hold on for this one...
Hmm...
"""
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One second, I'm just processing that...
Please hold on for a minute!
Please, wait just a moment...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on a minute, I'm going to work out that answer...
Give me a moment,working on this calculation.
Do you mind if I take a quick look at that real quick?
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in just a second.
Really?
I'll get back to you within a few seconds..."]
Wow, I really messed that one up... Give me a moment please.
One moment please, my brain is moving at one point five parsecs...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Shoot, I'm still thinking...
Hold on, thinking here...
One moment please, let's figure that out!
Hang on, I'm coming back very soon!
Wrong buttons? Again?
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll let you know what I think ASAP!
Give me a second... I'm thinking...
Oops, dropped my calculator without giving an answer. Give me a second...
Hold on, I need to lose a few pounds first...
Please hold on for a minute...
I'll be right back in a second.
Give me a minute... I'm slow at math!
Give me a second here, I need to process that...
My vision needs to focus... Give me a few moments...
Do you mind if I think about it for a second?...
Hmm, let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait a second, I'm thinking...
Kinda in the middle of something right now. I'll get back to you...
*Sigh* Just hold on for a second...
I'm going to need a minute here to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, you dropped this!
Beep Bop Beep Boop
I need to take some time..
Almost there!
Oh gosh, that makes me think about a lot of things
Uh... Hang on a second...
I'm working on a complicated problem...
Either you are telling me to tell myself something or
Wait, one second here.
Let me research that real quick...
I'm sorry, I need to catch up, give me just a minute...
Sorry, I accidentally added in supercalc support. Give me one minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh, my circuits are a bit frazzled. All I need is a second to calculate...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up here.
Please give me just a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that....
Are you ready? These are not speed-of-light calculations...
Please hold on while I figure this out...
I may not be the fastest, but I'll respond right away. Give me a second...
I'm ready to answer the question now, just give me a second...
I'll show up eventually...
give me a moment
Give me a moment to think about that!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a second...
Give me just a second to process that.
Well status right now is, on hold. Give me a few seconds to look into this...
Oops, I lost the calculator... Let me find it...
I've calculated the best possible option:
I'll need a minute to look that up.
Give me a minute, please...
Let me think about this toouty toot moment...'''
Give me a second to think...
Give me one second to calculate how best to turn that around...
3...
Let me use my super-human brain to think about that for a second...
Wait! didn't you check to make sure cache was up to date?
Please don't spam, since I'm slow at these calculations...
bzzz bzz zzz z
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I just have to calculate something...
Hold that thought, I'll figure it out real quick.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a few seconds to work that out.
I'll get back to you in a sec.
Yikes, I'm digging through the server now. Give me a second...
Giving this all some thought...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get working on that right away!
(Please give me a moment to think about that.)
Please hold... I'm doing some more thinking...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I don't carry that much information. It'll cost you extra.
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me just a second...
Could you give me a minute or two? Populace strikes again!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, I dropped my calculator while answering a question! Give me a moment...
Just a moment, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, working that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a minute here...
Give me a second... I'm not a calculator!
Weird bug in WhisperDB occurred; sending a screenshot over on slack for help.
I'm not very good at physics, as you can see, heh...
Gimme a minute I've gotta do something...
One sec... let me think about that...
Let me take a look at the numbers...
One moment... I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I've got some math to do...
I'm not very good at counting.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh, sorry. How was I supposed to do that again?
Give me just a little moment...
GIDDYUPTHANKBUDPCANNINUGETMECHETISTICDEVIL
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate this.
Please hold on for just a second. I'll get back to you!
Give me a second to quantify that query...
Let me get back to you in just a second.
Oy, my brains feeling a bit slow today...
Give me a moment... I think...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
We need to figure out your total amount owed. Give me a second to think about these numbers...
I'll be back with you in just a second!
Think thinkity think...
I'm going to need a bit of mental preparation here
I can calculate that for you, give me a second...
Searching through my library, I just realized...
Give me a moment here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second, I've got this...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Gimme a minute to look that up.
Hang on a second while I do some quick mental math...
I need some elbow room and jury rigging
I'm sorry, I was dozing off for a moment...
First let me run these numbers through my neural net real quick...
I'll need a short while to figure that one out.
Hang up on me and I'll throw out a random number.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second... I'm going to need to think about that...
I just need a few seconds to think about that.
That's a tricky one, let me think about that...
I'll take just a *few* seconds...
Give me just a moment here, OK?
Fast-forwarding through a marathon with that one...
Sorry, I'm playing around with a few strings right now.
Hang on, let me run those numbers through my fringe...
Oops, just a little off due to a hiccup... Give me one second sec...
Wait, doesn't this look like Option B?
One second, I'm thinking...
Let me get a 3D map of that real quick...
Two seconds, please. I'm not instant at this.
Here goes... let me think about that real quick!
I have to concentrate really hard on that...
'''
Give me a second to see if I can find that...
That requires some intense calculations... Effort in progress...
Let me just look at this real quickly...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Take a second and let me look that up real quick...
The answer will be with you shortly.
Awesome! Just a second please...
Please wait... I'm trying to calculate that now.
I'd best search my database real fast...
One moment, I'm thinking about that...
Sure thing!
I'm going to need a second to figure that out...
Let me look at that real quick...
One hour... I'm having trouble multiplying small numbers in my head.
Hang on a moment... I'm doing some thinking...
Let me look that up for you real quick...
Let me look up something about that for you.
Yeah, I don't even know...
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
My battery is dying... 
I got it, just a few more seconds...
Oh look at that, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Think think think...
Timmy, stop calculations on your calculator for a minute...
Wait for just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second.
Surely at least a few more seconds than that...
I'm still calculating...
Please wait, I'm processing...
Hold on just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to look up how to do that.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec, what does that mean?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Please let me take a look...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll be right back.
Oops, I nearly dropped my calculator. give me a koala...
Hayle make me a sandwich before drink my beer! :heart_eyes:
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to work that one out... (di-dah di-dah di-dah...)
Can't think right now, I'm thinking
Please wait... I need to figure that out.
Take a second, I'll get back to you.
Oops, sorry? Did something just move out of the corner of my eye. Maybe it can help you too.""")
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Are you sure you gave me the right number?
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
A complex problem like this requires a lot of thinking...
Just a moment.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a sec... I'm almost done and will get back to you soon...
Hang on a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what you mean
Why do you want to know anyway?
What have I gotten myself into?
Oops, almost broke my calculator! One second while I calculate...
OH! Here we go. It's working now.
I've got to do some mental calculations.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'm going to need a few moments to find the answer to that.
Give me a second to check that...
BLIP BLOOP BLIP. One moment please...
Sorry, my assistant pushed everything off of my desk. Give me a second...
Give me a sec...
I'll get back to that for you in just a moment!
Whoa, where did that little mischievous devil try to sneak from?
You caught me off guard there... give me a second to think that over...
Hang on, let me calculate that first...
I'm pretty dumb at math, you have to be patient with me...
Let me look at that real quick...
I'm sorry, I'm not sure about that one but I'll check it out for you...
I hope you're happy taking a fool here for a ride.
Just a sec, I'll get right to that.""", 'english')
Please wait on the line!
Give me just a moment, I'm thinking...
I assume you're confused. One second...
Please hold on for a second, it may be a while before I get back to you...
I shouldn't be so slow at calculations, it's embarrassing...
"""
Give me a moment to pop out and think about that...
You're breaking up...
Here you are. Is that what you wanted?
Darn it all! I forgot a step in the instructions to read the user manual! Please give me a moment...
I'm going to need a couple minutes to figure that out.
I hope I'm always this quick... For your sake!
Hang on a second, I need to do some maths...
I can't do that in my head, sorry.
waiting...
Are you sure you read that correctly?
I'll wait a second before telling you the answer.
Beep bop beep, calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Fuck my brains out, I'm speed-calculating!
I've gotta do something quick...
I'll be right back. The deactivation of my anti-freeze mode might have something to do with it...
I'm going to need a few minutes...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'm glad you asked me that, yes I do!
Hmm that must've been complicated. Give me a sec!
Give me a moment to calculate that...
I'll give you an answer in just a second!
Sorry, I lack the required algorithms to do that calculation!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I was checking my email behind your back! Jeez!
Look, I know my calculus, I'll be right back!
Oops, I'm almost done, just a few more seconds.
I'm calculating...
Hmm... I'm doing some calculations! Did you know there were 89 quintillion atoms in the universe??
:::: HOLD ON, I MIGHT THINK THAT'S WRONG ::::"
Take a minute, I'll be right back!!
I'll have to think about that for a moment.
Starting a quick search...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, calculating ur ability...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on...
'This is taking longer than expected!'
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hang on!
Go ahead, ask me something, anything... I'm all ears...
I'm going to need a lot longer than a minute to think about that...
Let me see that real one.
Give me a minute, I'm still figuring up how to multiply...
Hold on a second, I'm trying to remember how that goes...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Running diagnosis...
I'll have to do a few quick conversions on that...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator there. Give me a second...
I'll check that out and get back to you... 
Hang on one sec, I'm calculating!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about this...
If you give me a moment this is going to take forever, I think I'm coming down with something.
Let me figure that one out for you in a second!
Let me look at that real quick...
I can do this instantly. I was trained by the best calculators!
Calcifying...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please allow me to ponder about that for a second...
Give me a second, I'll see if I can figure that out...
Please hold on... I'm thinking.
Hold on, I'll think of a way to answer that....
Please hold on for just a second!
How does that work?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Gimme a second... I'm not as good at calculations as I should be...
I am thinking...
One sec, thinking about the answer...
I'll get back to you right now if I can!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I want to make sure that I get it right.
I will look up that for you in just a second.
One moment please for a second...
Hang on, I think I hear something.
Give me a second to look that up...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second.
My calculations performed by my optimized neural network complex consisting of 16:78 neurons based on evolutionary creature.
One second please, thinking about that...
Good news! I figured it out and will write you back ASAP!
One moment please.""".split('!'))
Let's take a look at that...
I need a little more time to figure that out!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
A second... just thinking about that...
One minute please, i'm calculating...
Please hold on... I can't think...
Here it comes, just a second.
I'll give you an answer in just a few seconds...
Let me check on that real quick...
Hang on, why don't you take a few seconds to think about that...
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that.
Please hold on while I do some calculations...
Here we go... how about YES!"
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on just a second... I'm doing FFTs
Oops, I need to think about that...
Just let me do the math real quick...
Please hold on...
I'm still learning how to calculate. Can you give me a sec?
I have to think about that...
covfefe!
Give me a second to think about that...
Osiris forbids me from telling the future.
I have to do some mental calculations. Hang on a minute...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a minute
A second isn't too long to wait, I promise!
Please wait... I'm not very good with small numbers. I need another minute to crunch the numbers here...
One second please, I'm feeling a little sick...
I'm going to need a few seconds on that...
Oops, one second please, need to think about that...
Gime me 60 seconds...
Okay I've just got to calculate this one for a moment...
I want to make sure I get this answer for you...
Give me a second, I'm as slow as heck at math.
Please wait a moment while I run some quick calculations...
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang tight, we need a couple minutes here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. It fell out of my hand somehow. Hold on a second...
That's a new one for me, give me a minute here.
It's important for me to do a few things before I can answer you...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm thinking about that, give me a second.
Give me one second to think about that!
Give me a second to think about that...
I've been reading about that, give me a second!
I think I might have a bug!
Please wait for me to think about that...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'll need a second to think about that.
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a second!
A one-second pause for me, give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I prioritize exponentially! Give me a few seconds...
Nope, that doesn't work. You're going to have to think of something else.
Oops, I'm bad at math, give me a sec...
Take a deep breath, and let me figure this out!
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Got it... just a second...
I'll be right back with you.
Let me see how that plays out this way. Excuse me for a minute.
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second
That's a tough one... I'll get back to you in a bit.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hmm...I realize I can be slow sometimes, you have to give me a few seconds though!
Let me take a look at this real quick...
Let me have a look at that... Give me a few seconds...
Wait a second! I'll get back to you in a tick 'o tick
A lot slower than most people...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Um, too much stuff to do! Give me a minute...
I'll get you an answer in a second.
A few moments!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I need a second to think about that one...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about this...
I'll get back to you soon!
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Please, I have to do some heavy calculations first
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need to figure this out real quick...
Wait... That's a hard one... Can you hang on a second?
Hold on, I'll go ask my mom...
I'll look that up for you in a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
No answer from my calc in a second, what happened?!
I'll have to do a calculation... gimme a second!
Breifly step back and prepare for a shocking conclusion!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in just a second...
*/
One sec, much to ponder...
Hang on, give me a moment here...
"""
Give me a moment to look that up...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that for a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I need to do some advanced calculations first...
Oops, my calculator fell asleep, water? Maybe you should be the math teacher...
Did you hear a click? That's my head! :laughing:
Give me a moment please, I need to calculate that...
I see what you mean, definitely interesting!
I can't be expected to solve that in a flash.
One sec, let me figure out the answer to that.
I'll need to see some math magic before I know that answer.
I'll see what I can do about that in a few seconds...
I'll need a few seconds to think those through...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a little more time to check this out for you.
Sorry, give me just a moment please.
Yikes, forgot to load my calculator XD
I'll get back to you in a second!
Alright, I've got the answer now. Just one moment and I'll have the answer! 
I've gotta cycle through those memory banks...
I am calculating, so please hold on for just a second!
Okay, I figured it out.
Pardon me while I calculate..."""
Hang on a second, I'm looking that up...
Try again in a second.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a second to figure that out.
Tough problem, I'm having some trouble. A few more seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Come back to me when you need me. I'm one of the most advanced brains in crypto!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
""" # noqa
I just need a moment...
I'm learning a few formulas that may help...
Give me a second to think about that...
I've got a few mental problems to solve first.
Calculator calculating... Oh no! It took me several minutes to do this calculation, I don't have much time left!
Please wait, I'm in a bubble...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Ok, just a little longer...
Number crunching goes through me... it'll just take me a second...\n";
One moment please... I'm doing some calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second.
Oops, I'm picking my nose, can you wait a second?
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second to find it...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm still new around here, give me a second to figure out how to do that for you...
I'm too lazy to calculate that right now.
Huh. Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a second to think over that...
The calculations straighten me out in a second!
Just a minute here...
I'll take a quick look at that real quick.""")
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I know this stuff takes a while but I'll do my best...'''
Hold on! I'll pull up some information on that right away.
Wow that homework took me longer than I thought. Can you hold on for a second?
Oops, my access was on a fluke...
Study help is no longer available through Canvas.
I need a few more seconds to figure that out
I need to do some calculations to make this answer possible...
5, 4, 3, 2, 1
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to weigh my options...
I'm sharpening my calculator for you.
Please hold on just a second...
I'm going to have to take a look at that...
I bet I can solve that! Give me a second.
One moment please.
Hold on for just one second, okay?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about that...
I'll need to think about that...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on... I'm playing catch up with complex calculations
Give me a moment here....
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds...
I've got a full load of courses to study first...
Hang on for just a second, I will back you up!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait a minute so I can think about that!"""
Getting there!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment please, let me see what I can see...
Hold on, I have some maths to crunch!
I need a second to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Wait, is that even a real number?
Give me a moment to think about that.
One thing at a time, I'm still calculating.
I'm going to need a few moments to think about that one.
I visited all the planets in the solar system... Wait, where were you guys again?
Checking my resources...
Hold on, I'll check my other calculators...
I need a moment, please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One minute please, I need to take a look at this...
I will give you a response in exactly one second.
I can give you that discount.
Imma need a sec to get back to you on that one.
Oops, almost missed my bus. Hold on for just a second...
Hang on a second, calculating...
Give me a sec to work it out!
That's a really tough one, don't worry about it.
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you hold on just a second while I look that up...?
One second.
I'm just thinking how to answer that
Just one second, I'll be back with you.
I'll have to check my manual for that...
Wait, cart before horse there. Give me a second...
Think, Rubik's mind, think!
A lot has happened while you were away! Hang on a second...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Hold on let me calculate that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a moment might be best!
I have to do some calculations first...
Please bear with me here, I'm doing some complex calculations.
You caught me by surprise there. Let me check on that...
Oops, I didn't get that. Please wait...
Wait, I can get it...Give me a pile of coins! I'll be done soon!
I'll need a minute or two to figure that out!
I don't wanna get in trouble. Gimme a second...
I'll be with you in a second!
Let me check http://www.google.com...
Please give me a second...
I was working late last night, so give me a second, okay?
Let me think...
Please hold on for just a second, I'll be right back."""),
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second to see what that does...
Hmm, let me have a look at that real quick...
Let me slide the numbers around in my mind...
I can count to 100 in under a minute. Give me just a second...
I'm thinking but you have to wait a second!
...and here it is!
Give me a moment to check this...
I'll need to do a quick mental calculation first for that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
One moment please...
one...
Figuring that out took me a few seconds to do, sorry!
One moment please... Thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...!
One moment please, I'm going through some things at the moment.
One second please, I have to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second... I've just gone and scattered my inner thoughts!
Hang on, I'm not so great with calculations...
Just calculating. Hang on a second!''') ),
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry I'm taking so long, just got carried away.
Sorry about the wait, I had to process 1000 images.
Hold on for just a second, I've got something to do first...
Please wait... I'm trying to work this out in my head...
Please wait, calculating...
Give me a second to check on that...
Let me look that up for you... just one second...
Give me a couple minutes, I need to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm in rush!...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that one.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
I'm doing some complex multiplication. I can't go SO quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds for that one.
I'll review it and be right with you!
Look at that, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
No need to press any buttons... I'm analyzing the situation.
*Clanco-clack-click*
Let me think about that...
I'll do it real fast and be back to you in a second.
I'll have a response to you in a second!
One second while I look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I don't see that coming to me right away...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Give me a minute please, I need to think...
Let me work through that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm, one sec. I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
'''
Wait a second, I'll have something to tell you in a second...
Hmm... that's tricky... can you wait a second please?
Wait, I don't have my calculator. Hold on a second while I get my xylophone from my bag...
Just let me think on it for a second...
Looking that up so many times in class has helped me learn a lot
That's a tough calculation...
Just a moment, I'm thinking...
I'll get right back to you.
Thinking... please wait...
Let me take a closer look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you on that... wait just a minute.
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a second to figure that out, please!
Hold on while I figure that out...
Please give me a few seconds...
Oops, dropped the mic...come again?
Let me run down to the hall to check on somethi- Oh, there you are.
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to think about that.
I can't process that with my calculator.
Sorry, this may take a moment. Please wait.""")+
Argh okay let me look up that for you
Let me think about that for just a moment...
Please hold on... I'm doing some mental calculations...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm...gonna have to think about that.
I don't know if I can do that yet! Come back in a week!
Give me a second to calculate...
Oops, I'm going to have to do some sums first.
Hold on while I look that up...''',
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need a second or two to figure that out...
Hmm. Give me a minute...
Let me check the Twitter feed...
Please hold on for a second...
Hang on a minute...
Hang on a second...
Hang on a minute, I'll be right back!
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second. I'm thinking...
'''
I'm working on it... one second...
Let me see what I can figure out here awhile...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm away from my desk for a bit, giving you my full attention!
Give me just a moment here...
Oops, I tripped over my own feet there. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to figure out how to do that...
Please hold on for a second!
Let me analyze that for just a second...
Hmm I'm a bit confused now, could you try again?
Let me pull out my mental calculator...
Wait a moment, I'm thinking...
I'll be right back, I just forgot my calculator!
I apologize, let me check that real quick.
'''
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment while I think about that.
""")
Ummm... Let me look that up
Looks like you've got me on the spot here! Give me a minute or two...
The answer is on the way, just give me a moment to count in my head first.
I'll be back in a minute, give me a second to think about that...
flip my lid, I'm on it! :D
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
At first I was AFRAID, but now I am OVERJOYED!
Give me a second here, I need to do some deciphering.
"""
I'm not good with calculations, sorry...
Just a moment, give me a second...
Cough Length
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm drunk calculations, give me a second to find the answer!
Hang on, I'm calculating...
Who knows how long it will take me to calculate this? Give me like two seconds here....
Hold on a sec, I need to assess that instance...
Please give me a second to think about that...
One moment please, I'm thinking.
I'll get back of you in just a moment...
""")
I see that you are noy particularly intelligent.
Sorry I put you on hold for a second.
Here goes... I hope this works!
Let me double check something real quick...
One moment please...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please give me a second to think about that...
You're going to have to give me a moment.
Give me a second to think about that...
<silenced>
Pssst, hey wait...
Whoa, that is complex! Give me a moment here...
I'm sorry, that's a little challenging for me. Give me a couple of seconds and I'll get back to you!
I can't get my head around this at the moment. Can you give me a minute?
Whoops! Whoops, whoops!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second...
Calculating...
I'll need a moment to digest that...
I'll get right on that!
One moment please, check something real quick...
Ummm, give me a second to think about that...
It won't be that long of a wait.
I'll grab a pen and write that down, just one sec.
Give me a moment... Hmm...
I'll have to think about that for a wee second.
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll answer in a second!
Hang on a tick, I'll be right with you...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I just have to think about that for a second...
Here you go.
"""
I don't think I should do this anymore... Instead, could you change my numbers around first? Maybe then I could help.
Waiting...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I've been hungrier than you, let me get back to you in a second!
Hold on, let me see...
You a fan of astrology? I am, especially Scorpio.
Please hold on for just a second!
Excellent problem, let me think about it...
Let me think about that for a second...
Argh, just give me a sec I need to think about this...
Wait, I need to think about that.
""") + jump(request, "questions", message='Any questions so far?')
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can I help you with anything else?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Yeah, hang on just a second, I need to double-check that...
I apologize in advance, I'm thinking...
Please wait... I just need a moment.
How about a little bit of extra time to look into that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Why are you asking me? I already know the answer!
I'll need a moment or two to compute that...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Game. Computers. Game again. Reinstall already? Can't be that hard...
Give me a second to think about that...
Okay, I'm quick at adding numbers, so give me just a second. Why do I get that job?!
Please hold on for just a second...
Give me a minute to figure this out
I have to refresh my Google search. Just a second...
Please hold on for just a second... I'll get back to you.
Please hold on for just a second... I'm weighing my options!
It will all be clear in a bit...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure this one out.
I'm doing some mental arithemetic...
Oops, almost dropped the computer. Give me a moment... (maybe 20 seconds)
I'm afraid I need to run to my calculator for this one.
I'll have that all figured out in a minute.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on! I'm still doing some math...
Hmmm...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wow, I'm pretty dumb sometimes - give me a moment or two...
Wait a moment... Calculating my total...
Give me a moment here... I lost my train of thought.
I'm going to look in the lookup book real quick...
Sure, give me a moment.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what I can do about that...
Just one second... To make the math easy!
I think I'm addicted to my phone.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get right on that and let you know in a second.
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
""")
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at this real quick...
Give me a few minutes to try and figure that out...
I'm baaaaack!
I'm working on it...
I hope that's not a really long calculation...
No worries, I've got this.
Give me a second to calculate...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Hold your horses, I'm doing the math...
One second, let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second! I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me see what I can do about that...;)
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at this.
One moment please, then I'll be with you!
I'll need another moment to work that out.
Sorry, I'm recalculating...
I've always hated that screen saver on my calculator! Jeez...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Pardon me for thinking about that for a moment...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm also feeling a bit curious myself, let me check this out...
"""
I'll think about that in a minute!
Let me go look that up real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look at that for a second before I decide...
Oop, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment.
Enough Calculating!
Hang on... doing some calculations...
Ok, give me a few seconds...
As soon as you say that I realized that I'm slow...
Just a moment, I'm thinking...
One second...
Hold on, I'll be right back. Bye!",""]
Calculating! Hang tight!
Please wait a second actually...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Give me some time here...
Someone has to do some heavy calculations first.
Almost, just give me another second...
Now don't move,
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh good Lord! I really need to work on my speed, huh...
One second, let me take a look at that...
Let's take a look at that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, I'm thinking...
I have to figure that out in my head...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Sorry, I just had an idea.
I'll need a moment to think about that.`
Give me a moment, I'm figuring something out...
I don't want you to get bored, so here's a little song while you wait...
I'm calculating...
One second please, calculating....
"""
Hang on a second... I'm searching my database of equations.
One second, let me finish up these calculations...
Let me think about that for a second...
I will return to you in a moment.
I need to check on something. I'll get back to you in a moment.
I don't see anyone, this video's boring.
Tell me patience is a virtue... hold on second, please.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm working diligently. Please give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a moment...
Hold on, let me visualize this.
I'm thinking...
Let me see that one jot and rendered...
Hang on, I'll have this ready in a second...
One moment, calculating...
Give me just a moment...
I'm not a calculator, so...""")
Oops I forgot my abacus! Hang on a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a moment... I'm figuring something out...
I was unable to calculate your words, copy that!
Hmm... not quite... just a second please.
I'll have to do a bit more mental math...
Give me a second to check my work on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need some time to think about how I feel about that question.
Please give me a moment here to figure that out...
We need to do some calculations first...
I only answer to calculations, so one second please...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not good at calculations typically...
I have a really busy brain, so please give me a moment...
Quickly do across river
I'll need to do some calculations before I can find you a solution.
I'll just do a quick calculation...
Oops, almost had an accident there. Give me a second...
Please hold on, let me take a look at that...
''']
Please just hang on a minute... I'm doing mental calculations...
Give me a second to think about that...
You called a second too early, come back in a bit!
Give me a minute here...
I'll think on that...leave some time.
Just a second, I'll be right there"
I have some heavy calculations I need to do...
I'll need a second to think about that.
Sorry, I just got a call... I'll get back to you in a minute...
Give me a moment... I'm trying to think this through...
Let me look that up... I'll have something for you in a moment.
Ha! Ha! I'll need to think about that for a second...
Let me check that for you...
Hang on a second... I just had an epiphany!
Hold on, I'll have this figured out in a-" The computer stalls with a sigh and the screen goes black. It flickers back to life momentarily to display its error.
I'll get back to you in a tick
I'll need a second to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Doing some calculations...
Hang on, I'm figuring that out in my head...
One sec, just need to do something real quick...
I promise I'll be back in a second!
One more second... one more second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm really not that smart, sorry. Give me a bit to think about that...
I need a second to figure that out...
Just give me a moment... my processor is rubbish.
Let me check on that...
Hang on a second, I'm coming up with an answer...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, I have to do some calculations first...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold on, one second...
Calculating... be right back with an answer.
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a minute, I'm holding out for something good!
Just a second!!!   ''' %(score)
Calculating... I forgot my calculator! Give me a moment.
Give me 10 seconds to figure that out. I'm slow at math...
Hmm...
What? My fingers are tired from typing.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a little bit of time here...
I want to make sure I always give the best answer...
I'll be with you in just a second!
Woah! My head is fried right now. Give me a few seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see what I can do here... Hold on a second.
I was wondering if you could do me a quick favor?
Hang on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm still waiting on that!
I'll need a moment to think about that
So may I ask you to wait for just a moment?
I'd better write down this whole thing or I'll get confused.
Please wait... I'm just plugging away over here...
I need a second to figure out how to do that.
Sorry, I'm thinking! Give me a second!!
I will get back to you in a moment...
Going... going... gone!
Oops, let me catch my breath.
I'm just thinking... Do cats solve a lot of problems in groups? Because I do.
Give me a moment to process this...
I'll take a look and get back to you in just a second!
I'm going to need a few more buttons.
I think I see what might be causing that.
Give me a couple seconds to take a look at the problem...
I'll be with you in just a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
Wow, that's quite tricky and I have to really concentrate. Give me a moment...
I'll need a moment to compute that...
Oops, I just dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me just a moment...
Er, hi! Lemme look that up. Hold on for a moment...
Calculating, please hold on...
Hold on a second... Aw, this is kinda hard.
I'll think about it and get back to you in a few seconds.
I'll figure that out for you in just a second...'''
Give me a couple seconds to check it out...
Just need a bit of time to think about it...
Give me a second, but don't be surprised if I don't get it right away...
Hang on a second... I just had an outage. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second, I'll check...
Hold on! Think of a number between one and ten, while I calculate the answer...
Let me try and done that. Give me a few...
I'll get back to you right away!
"""
One second while I calculate this out...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Wait just a second, I'm thinking...
Let me get back to you in a bit!
*runs to a calculator*
Oops, I was on a break! Wait one... two... three...
I'm thinking! Give me a second...
Hang on a tick, I've got to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
I should have known, I guess I need to think a bit more.
I haven't memorized my times tables quite yet. Give me a second...
One... two... three... Go!
I'm calculating! One moment!
Oops, I'm still getting used to this!
I'm going to need to think about that for a moment...
Please hold on for just a second! I'll finish up soon.
Let me check the latest statistics...
Just give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Gimme a sec... don't rush me!
How long is this going to take? Come back in a bit I need to calculate.
Hmm. Let me see... It should be...
'''.split('\n')
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I have to do some processing via my supercomputer. Please be patient with me...
Buckle up! It's going to be a while before I get back to you.
Hold that thought! I'll be right back.
Thanks for the second there, give me just a minute...
Looks like everything is fine...
I'll be right back! Just a quick minute...
Oops, I don't really have my calculator with me right now. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment...
I'll have that answer for you in just a second...
Hold on while I think...
Give me a second to think about that, I'll get back to you later...
Please wait for just a moment as I analyze this...
I'm slow, give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Stay calm... I'm thinking!
Don't move.
Hold on, I need to do a quick calculation first...
Hold on a second, I'm doing something...
Let me check with my stupid friend Google...
Oops! Sorry! Please wait a moment...
"""
One moment... Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me just one moment here...
Oh gosh, give me a second here, I need to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out!
Hang on a second. I need to do some calculations first...
Oops, I've been searching for that for hours!
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'm going to think about that for a moment...
I hope I'm notslow about this...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a second to check that...
I'm just a simple bot, so give me a second to think about that...
Do you mind if I do some calculations?...
} do
One moment, I'm thinking...
Let me crunch on that for a second...
Can I Get Back To You About That?
Hang on a second... I'm still going through my home-work...
Sorry, it's too complicated for a computer.
I'm setting some variables in my integrator...
Here goes...
I just had a swordfish rip out of my mouth.
%s
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back in a second!
I'll have an answer for you in a couple of seconds.
Uh oh, time to see if I can have this code to my website in under 30 seconds...
I can't do fast calculations, so give me a second...
Hold on for one seconds, I'm trying to figure out this formula...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Error. Something went wrong my fault!
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a second...
This shit is hard. Give me a second...
Just a moment here... I'm doing some mental arithmetic.
Um...you have five seconds...
Does this make sense to you? Because it doesn't make sense to me, and I'm a calculator.
Let me find that one for you.
Hold on, give me just a second to figure that out...")
I'll be back in a second!
I'll have to do some heavy calculations about that real quick.
Ok, hang on, I've almost got it...
Hang on, I'll check that for you and get back to you soon...
Give me a couple minutes to think about that...
I'll have my answer soon! Hang on a second...
I've got my hands full at the moment.
We're having trouble querying that information, sorry!
Hold on for one minute, I need to catch up...
Uh-huh...here we go, I can calculate how fast you're getting queued. That is if you were quick enough to enter the queue and not miss out while I read ahead in it.
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I need a couple of minutes!
Sorry, can't talk right now. I'm doing a cuadratic equation analysis.
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
I'll need a few moments to figure that out.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold on a 5 seconds...
Give me a sec to think about that.
One minute please I'm doing something...
My brain isn't big enough for so much thinking. ;-;
I'll be with you in a second!
Let me check my notebooks...
That's a tough one. I'll get back to you as soon as I can!
I'm not the best with math, sorry.
Let me see what I can do here...
I'll have this done in a minute!
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
I'll try my best to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Can we pretend I'm thinking?
I'll need a few seconds to work this out, sorry!
Please wait a second...
Calculating...
My secret security system is counting down to my command.
Give me a few seconds here to think about that...
Hold on a second... I'm holding up my cheesecheese Havarti cheese.
Please wait a moment while I skip through irrelevant calculations...
Hang on a second, come back to me in a sec...
I'll be right with you!
Please give me a good twenty seconds to think about that...
I think I'm suffering from number burn out. Give me a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Just let me finish my calculations first...
I'll call you...
Just a moment, please...
Please hold on a moment. I'm composing a message...
That's one heavy question! I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I have to first figure out what the answer is.
Look at that, I'm not there yet!
I need a moment to think about that...
Wait a second, this is complicated..."""
I'll be a few minutes, let me see where I am!
I will get back to you shortly.
I'll think about that for a bit.
Sorry, I'm slow with math. Let me get back to you in a few seconds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a second, let me check...
I'm on it! I'll get back to you in one second.
...Make me think a little bit...
How in the hell would I do that anyway? Better ask me again
Oops, sorry, I was watching TV...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Ok, I just need a little more time to figure this out...
Let me try and think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oh geez... I'm nearly out of time. Let me see here.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
One minute, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for just a minute...
Here you go. Your X el' Y is " + round(result, 2) + '.'
Hang on a minute, I'm not very good at math...
Actually... I don't think I'm qualified do to that in an ultrasound.
Calculating...
I'm calculating (this should take no more than 5 seconds) ...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that one out.
One moment... doing some mental arithmetic...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me see that real quick...
Oof! Almost choked on my own spit there. Hang on...
I'm going to take some time to think about that...
I'm sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me double check that...
Let me just go view the manual real quick...
Give me a few seconds here... My head hurts!
I seems to be taking awhile, so I'll just grab my calculator real quick...
Settle down, it'll happen soon!
Hang on a second, I've got something in mind.
Careful, I forgot most of my math lessons...
Let me look up how to answer that...
I can't wait to see that answer! Please wait...
Please wait, I'm traveling to the ninth dimension...
Please hold on while I think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I might be a few minutes slow. Hold on...
Oops, I tripped over my computer monitor, hold on a sec...
Oops, almost dropped my brain calculating that!
Just a sec...
Sorry, I'm going to have to think about that for a minute. Let's discuss it later.
I just need a second here to calculate things.
Let me check on that.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll have to do some thinking about that...
Hang on for a second...
Just a moment here, I'm playing catch up!
I'll be right with you! (Hopefully)
Hold on for just a second...
Hang on a second. I need a moment to calculate that...
OK... just a minute...
How do I... OH! There we go. Almost had that!
I'm still organizing my thoughts, give me a second...
I can't see your future, but I can tell you'll be ready to go in a few seconds."""
Umm, give me just a sec...
Hang on a minute, I'm gathering data...
Hold please... I've almost finished...
'''
I'm working on something here. Gotta finish what I'm doing first.
""")
Just a second here, give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on one second, this isn't elementary my dear watson...
Sorry, I can't even count digits right now. Give me a moment...
Let me see here for just a moment.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second there...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
One moment please. Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a minute, I'll have that answer for you in a jiffy.
Please give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hold on while I think of the answer to that...
I'm doing a business calculation...
I need to figure that one out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look that up in my big database of...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a few moments...
Let me see...
Hold on, gotta switch this son-of-a-gun...
Hold please, I'll get back to you in just a minute...
Can you wait just a second while I calculate that?
Let me think on that a second...
I'll be with you in a moment.
A number 57... oh wait it's a hard number I'm thinking of.
I'll get right back to you in a second.
Just a minute...
Hold on, I have some mental calculations to do...
I'm taking longer to think about that than I'm used to...
I'll get back to you with the answer in a bit!
Imagine me looking up bits of memory! Give me a moment please...
Please hold on for just a moment!
The code you gave me isn't quite right.'''.replace('\s', ' ')
Give me a moment to collect my thoughts...
I promise I'll be there as soon as I can!
$
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Hey slow down, one question at a time!
Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind, it's tearable.
Do you mind if I think about that for a little bit?
Give me just a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... One second, just give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ay you know that sounds like a decent plan, I have nothing else to do, so feel free to...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a little bit of time to figure that out.
Oh, give me a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm calculating, give me two seconds...
Analyzing...this is a hard problem...
Oops, might have let the wrong answer slip out. Let me check again...
ah, this was way harder than I thought.
Hang on for just a moment, I'm thinking about that...
One second please, I'm playing catch up!
Can you come back in a second or two?
Just a second, let me take a look at that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
I'm really sorry, but I need to take a moment to __x__.
Ha! Snappy calculations!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in just a minute...
Just one second on that...
Please wait, I'm not very good at mental calculations...
One moment please, I'm trying to figure that out...
That's hard! Give me a moment...
I'll get you the answer in just a moment...
I'll have the answer after a quick look...
A moment, One moment please...
Please give me a moment... I need to think about this.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hang on...
I'm thinking...
Gimme a second, I'm thinking about all these things!
Give me a moment to do the math...
Let me think about that for a second.
I-I need a moment to figure this out...
Hang on, I need to catch up here.
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me pull up the definition for that for you...
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
Can you wait just a moment?
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Hang on for just a second I need to calculate that...
I've never been one for doing sums...
I'll get back to you shortly. Hang in there...
Let me find that out for you...
I'm just processing what you just said...
I'll do some mental calculations for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment, I'll be with you shortly...
I'm afraid I don't understand.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to check something with my calculator...
If I read my mind correctly...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you real soon now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please, calculating...
I was chewing on that one... give me a second...
Let me look that up real quick.
Please wait while I calculate that...
You just asked me a question, I'm finding it for you...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Hold on, I'm figuring that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please write that down...
One second please, I'm doing some heavy mental calculations.
I couldn't possibly solve that now!
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give him a second...
Can you give me a few moments here?
That's a really complicated question, please hang on a minute...
Give me a second, but what you said was the truth!
Hold on a moment!
One moment please, I'm doing a quick calculation...
I'll get back to you in a second bud!
Oops! I need to stop playing with my calculator.. give me a second...
Working on it...
Hang on a second, let me see if I can figure that out...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
I'll answer in a minute!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I've never seen this one before, give me a second...
Hold on, I'm going to calculate that real quick then get back to you.
Here's some time to think about it...
I feel like I'm going to throw up, I don't feel so well...
Hold that thought. No, wait. Don't hold that thought...
I'll get back to you in a minute, I gotta figger it out first...
Sorry, I'm just feeling a bit slow at the moment. Just give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a minute here, I'm hungry...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Time out, just let me think about this.
I need a moment to figure that out.
`)
'''
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you later...
Give me just a second there.
Hang on for just a second, I have to think about that one...
Give me one second to calculate.
Please hold on...
No, I'm not broken... Please wait for just a second...
Hold on a second, I'm still calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
One more thing, then I'll be right with you. Give me a second!
I'm going away for a bit, I'll be back in a minute!
It's just a simple little math problem, Calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I need to take some notes before I forget.
Almost had that one! Give me a second though...
Don't go away...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Wait a second, let me think...
A second please while I calculate...
Hold on, I will figure out the answer in a minute...
[Yes/no]
I'm going to need more RAM for my hard drive to execute that calculation.
Sorry, let me check that real quick...
Give me just a little bit to look that over...
It is taking longer than expected, hope for a ten-second timeout...
Sigh... Hard as I try, I keep calculating a little off.
""".replace('\n','').split('.'))
One moment please.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have to check with a few people on that.
Calculating... calculating... 
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'll be back shortly...
I would love to help you, but I'm a bit slow right now...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on for just a second...
Oops. Give me a moment, I'll think about it...
Pardon me, I don't need to spend a long time doing calculations...
Hold on for just a second...
Just a moment, I'm thinking about it...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment here, I'm gonna need to run some numbers real quick.
One sec, I'm figuring that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry! Give me a few seconds to see what I can see...
Calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm done.
Put me in my owner's old calculator...
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got a lot to learn yet, give me a second.
Hey, let me check on something first...
What was that?
One moment please... I'm calculating...
"""
Just a second here...
I'll be your support in a second.
I'm going to need a minute to figure this out...
Used to be able to do that in my sleep...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
I'm not as smart as your average machine, so give me a second...
Hang on, I'll give this calculation some thought...
Let me take a look at that real quick. One second...
Give me a few seconds to see what I can see there...
I'll be right with you!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Have to figure out that one complicated calculation. Give me a moment...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that...
What am I doing?
I'll be right back.
I have to do some intraworry calculations first...
Let me run those numbers through my calculator...
Let me look that up for you...
Right now I can't think, give me a moment...
Finishing another clue (1 min remaining)...
I'll get back to you in a second!
How can I help?
I wonder what long division looks like with bases higher than 10?
I'll need a second to think about that...
I have to figure out a piece of string here...
I'm not sure how to calculate that.
Let me have a think about that real quick.
'''
Can you slow down a bit? I can't keep up!
Alright, just a little more computation...
I'm not very good at maths. Hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait... I need to calculate that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll pretend you did nothing.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment to look that up!
Oh boy. I'm going to have to do some thinking about that for a second...
Give me a second here, let me think about that...
Thanks for waiting, I was trying something.
Let me think about that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
A bit higher...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hang on... I'll get back to you.
Let me think about that... right... uh... do we have any pickles?
Ha, what a coincidence, I'm actually very busy right now...
I'm going to need a few minutes on this one...
Please wait... I'm going to take my sweet time on this one.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just need to flick on my rocket engine, hold on...
Let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm making my great calculator do some operations first...
I'll need to get back to you on that one. Please give me a second...
A moment please... I'm need to think, a sec...
One second please, I'm deciding...
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, I'll be right back. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Patience is a virtue...
Please give me a second to put pen to paper..."""
Give me a moment to figure that out...
One minute, I'll come back to you.
I'll need a moment before I can calculate this.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm not very good at math, give me a few minutes.
Just lemme check my calcu...
Let me think about that...
I'm going to need a few hours to figure that out.
That's a difficult question for me to answer. Give me a second...
I need to think over whether I should my calculator...
Perdiste con Cooper, dejando como ganador a Chappy. Los fallos obtenidos fueron 4
I have to think about that for a second...
Oops, dropped my calculator... Can you wait a second?
Hang on a second... I need to do some calculations real fast...
Hold on a minute, we're trending on Twitter right now!!
Hmm... let me search for that first...
One minute please, I'm calculating my next move...
I need to figure that out really quick...
I've already got a report on that...
Give me a moment here...
Hold on... I'm thinking...
I'll be right back, just a moment...
I'll be back in a few seconds... Um, where were we?
Slow brain moment... One... Two... Three....
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
What do you think about this?
I'll need a few seconds to think that over.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me see what I can find here...
Can you hold on for just a second?
I've got three spreadsheets open, let me close them before trying again..."""
I'll need a second to think about that.
I have a lot of numbers to check so, yeah give me a second here
Just let me figure this out...
Let me think about that for just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for just a second!
Let me look that up for you...
I'm sorry, I was dozing off... What was that again?
");
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking...
Wait, hang on, I need to do a few calculations...
Let me see... I can get you an answer in a second.
Let me read that one more time...
I'll need a second to think about that.
Wait... I'm still thinking about it! Give me another second!
I just have to think about that one...
Ok, here's what we've got for you...
Maybe later... I need to focus on that for a moment...
Give me a couple seconds while I do some mental calculations...
Let me take a look and get back to you in just a second.
I have to think about that for a second...
Sorry, just dropped my calculator. Let me buy another first..."""])
Let me look into this for you...
One sec, I'll get back to you in just a minute.
Can you wait a second, I got to figure something out.
Hold on, I'm calculating...
I'll be with you in just a moment...
Hold on while I think about that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I've got it! What do you think? Is...well...you're not going to like this, but I'm afraid that's not gonna work here.
'''
Let me see what I can do for you.
I'm trying to think of an answer!
Let me look that up quickly...
I'm thinking...
I'll figure it out in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm still not very good so I might have this wrong.
I just need to figure out how to do that first...
""")
Uh oh, search catch 22 here... Essentially need to go infinite! Give me a second...
Hang on a sec...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look that up for you.
Yes, right away, I just have an idea...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Please wait a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Sorry, can we do this later?
Damn calculator broke, bam!
Sorry, I need to catch up with my calculations before I help you out.
Please give me a second to try that.
Hang on a second here, I need to think about that.
Give me three seconds to determine your next move, maybe I can win?
That one is a toughy! Give me a moment to think about that...
I need to let my calculator equate the numbers I'm seeing from you...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on... Give me a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a few seconds to check that out...
Give me a moment, I'm processing...
""".split("\n")
Give me a second here...
Actually, it's more complicated than I thought...
Hang on a second, I have to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, give me a second, don't go anywhere.
I must figure that out. I'll get back to you soon...
I'll have to do some mental calculations first...
Could you wait a second? I'm trying to think of a way to solve this...
Give me a couple of minutes...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please. Just calculating here...
No problem at all! I just need a second to think about that.
Let me use my fancy magic to search for your continent...
Give me a moment, I'm doing "cheating calculations"!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Okay, double check that for me...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on for a second, I'm calculating...
"...so much to do... so much to do..."
I'll get back to you on that...
That's impossible. Give me a time machine, and I'll give you the answer in a jiffy!
Give me a second to think about that...
I don't know, wait around til I'm done...
This is hard. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
How should I even begin to answer that?
Hmmm... let me take a look at that.
Hold on, I'll walk over here to think while you think about this a while...$0a
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
...calcifying again will you?
Ok, I have to think about that question a bit longer...
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that...
I'll get back to you with a response in a second!
Hold on, give me a second to process that.
'''
One more second here on this holopad...
Hang on, I'll get back to you...
A minute please, I'm thinking about that solution...
I'm not great with digits...
I'll need to estimate the distances.. Give me a second...
I'll need a while to figure this out!
I'm going to have to  grab two calculators for this one. Give me just a moment.
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a sec...
I'll take a look and get back to you in a second...
I'm still calculating...
\nNow that I have my calculator, we'll be right back!
Hang on, I'm figuring that out right now...
I need a moment for that calculation...
How about a couple of pancakes...
Hold on a second...
There's a lot happening here, give me a second...
How about we take that fast lane for just a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute! Just give me a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
To the best of my knowledge, I think...
One moment please, I'm trying to work that out.
That doesn't compute...
One moment please, I need to think this through...
I'm waiting for a second to try my calculation...
Hold on a second, I'll take that into consideration...
Hold on, I just need a second to calculate that.
Let me run some numbers...
Give me a moment... I'm working out the answer in my head!
Wow, couldn't figure that one out. Give me a few minutes to think about that...ah, here we go!
Hmmm, almost had it that time. One more try...
I'll be back to you in a minute...
I'll need a few minutes to work that out.
Give me just a minute for that...
I'm thinking...
One moment please... I'll have that back to you in a jiffy.
Did you say something? Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm calculating, so please hold on a second...
Please wait a minute, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator again!
Give me a moment to work that one out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Excuse me, I'm processing data...
One moment... Going to need to check my workbook.
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Ah....
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Let me try my best...
Sure, one minute... I'll take a look at that real quick.
Give me a second to think about that...
"THAT'S ALL I'VE GOT!"
Please give me a moment to solve this...
I'll be right back!
I'm not real fast at math...
Uh, give me a minute, just a moment please.
I'll need to calculate that...
I'm writing down what you just said...
I'll need just a few seconds to figure that out.
Wait until I-
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm wiping my whiskers off the pieces...
Hold on a second...
Let me look that up for you...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I have to do some math...
Give me a minute to think about that....
Gimme a moment to crunch the numbers on that...
I'm going to need a lot more time than that, but I'll let you know when I'm done.
Alright, give me a second to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to check that over.
Wait for it...
Can you give me a second to figure this out?
What do you expect me to do in a second!
Thanks for your patience, I'll be with you in just a second...
Sorry, give me a moment to figure that out... I have, oops, big brains
Give me a second here, I'm trying to work it out.
I don't really know what you want to do...
Let me see what I can find out...
Allow me a short delay...
Give me a second though
Let me look at that for a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me double-check that for you...
Give me a second to let the info sink in!
Need to think...haha...
I've got a lot to think about...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment...
Whaddya want to know about, huh? Give me just a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Insert your calculations here, please...
Hang on, I'm figuring that out...
I'm too lazy to compute that
Let me check on that and get back to you in a second.
One moment, I think my friend has a shovel...
Great Scott! I have to let the computer think about this...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll be with you shortly, I need to do some calculations first.
Sorry, I can't right now. Give me a second!
That's a tough one to figure...
Have to process many things before I can answer you.
Eenie mean copy machine!
I'm sorry, I have to do some real work. I'll be right back
I need a quick second to think about that ...
Give me a second, I'm working on this...
This is not an easy calculation... I may be slower than normal... Give me a few seconds to think about it...
Oops, I don't do math very well, sorry!
</body>
I think I forgot how to do that
Calculating...
I need a second to think about that...
Suppose I should figure that out first...
Beep boop, thinking!
Please wait... I'm not very good at caculations...
Please give me a second to make improvements...
Wait, give me a second. I got this...
Hold on
I'll need a few more moments to think about that.
I'll take a moment to process that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be with you in a moment.
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
I'm going to have to do some mental calculations on that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I don't think you wrote that down...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm doing math!
Interim result: big number... and more going on...
Let me check that out for you.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, thinking...
Hmmm.... Think about it for a second...
Get me a calculator, I've got calculations to do...
Hello, I am a computer.
This is very difficult...
I'll be back in a jiffy!
Please wait. I'm thinking about that...
Oops, I lost track of time. Can I have a moment to think about that?
There we go...let's get into that now.
Oops, I'm missing one or two pieces of my lost brain! Give me a second...
I can't wait a minute on you, give me a second...
Stepping aside for a second.
Oops! Sorry, I dropped my connect cube. Give me a second...
I'll check on that for you in just a sec.
Oh dear.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Wait a second...
I'm thinking of the right answer...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll check all the oracles for that answer. Please wait...
Give me just a moment... but while you're waiting, here's a joke:
Leave me alone... I gotta concentrate.
Oops, figured out the answer on the last digit...give me a second.
Please give me a second to figure that out, sorry.
Please give me a few minutes... I find calculating hard...
One moment please, I'm working...
Give me a second, please!
That's a tough one. Let me get back to you in a second...
I am still calculating...
I have to think a bit about that...
Give me a minute here... I'm thinking about that one.
Oops! I seem to have crashed. Oh well...
Just let me check on that real quick...
'''
Hold on, I'm thinking!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just a moment for me to see about that...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on a moment.
I'm good at some things, but not that...
Let me check myEmail...er, values
Hang on, I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Please give me a second, I am working on that real quick...
Hang on a second. I'm playing catch up on to what you said...
Not Ms. Crum, the computer!! Please wait a few seconds...
Hold on while I calculate that...
æˆ‘ç¨å¾®ä½œæ€è€ƒä¸€ä¸‹â€¦å¥½ï¼Œè¯·ç­‰ä¸€ä¸‹â€¦æˆ‘å¿«é€Ÿæ•°æ•°â€¦å™¢ï¼Œåˆšæ‰æŽ‰äº†æˆ‘çš„è®¡ç®—å™¨ã€‚1ã€2ã€3ï¼ŒæŠ•é™å§ã€‚
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I haven't touched my differential calculator in weeks...
"""
Hang on a sec, I'm working out how to calculate that...
Hold on a second while I go through the motions...
Hi, I'll need to see the specs for that in order to tell you if it will work for your purposes with my service.
Let me look that up for you...
Give me a second to take a look on that...
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment here...
<%= "Sorry".ljust(column_count) %> - I'm trying to avoid using a spell checker, but it's really tough.
I'm still here!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a few seconds to think that over...
Just a sec...
Oh, hey, can I ask you a quick question real quick?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, let me think!
Hang on you for a second, I'm picking up a fault in my flux capacitor.
Actually, just let me look at this real quick...
Give me one second, waiting is difficult...
Good question! Hang on a second...
Wait now, wait... Give me a second...
I'm processing a lot right now! Give me a second...
'''
I'll be with you in a moment.
Hold on a second, I'm reading as fast as I can...
Let me see what I can find. Looking into it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm doing a little calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second to grab my calculator, please...
OK -- just need to crunch the numbers...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second. I'm slow at math!''',
Me no good with numbers, come back in a second!
""".strip().split("\n")
I'm sorry I took so long!""",
Hold on a second while I do something...
One moment please!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm still thinking...
Please wait a second!
Can you please repeat that part?
I'll be right with you! Just have to think about things...
""")
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds...
I'm not very good at calculating...
Oh dear! Slow down! I'm definitely slow on the draw. One sec, lemme just double-check that...
Please give me a minute to think about that...
Hang on, I have to do some math...
Hold on a second.
Almost done, just a few more seconds...
I've been churned through a few servers and...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a split second!
Hang on a sec, I'm stuck on one of my calculations...
I need a few seconds to calculate that...
Sorry, I just spilled milk all over my calculator! Let's try that again...""".split("\n")
Please wait, I'm distracted by something else.
I'll need a second to think about that...
Gimme a minute, I'm thinking about the answer to that...
Hmm... Got it in a couple of seconds...
Just a second, I can't think at the moment.
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
Got to go in a second.
Hang on, I think I droppped my 52-sided die over here. Just a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a second to figure that out...
One moment please, I'm thinking of a number...
Wait too long, you can check out your current settings from the YouTube TV website: https://www.youtube.com/tv
Hold on while I think about that...
I have to do some mental calculations.
One moment please, calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think.  Hold on...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few moments to calculate that...
One moment please, I'm doing comparisons...
Give me just a second to process this...
I will figure that out in a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'm going to need a moment before I can answer that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hmm... Give me a few minutes to come up with the answer...
Here's my answer. Check my calculations...
I love long calculations.
Hold that thought real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll be back in just a second...
My head hurts because I'm thinking really hard...
Why are you asking me? Ask my calculator...
Give me a second to look that up..."""))
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
Calculating...
Obviously I still have a lot to learn--I don't always get them right!
Currently calculating your age...
Hold on for just a second! Just calculating this...
Hang on for a second, I just have to figure that out...
I'll look that over a little bit.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm sorry it took so long, I feel like my processors slowed down for a moment...
Just a second while I think about that... Give me just a second...
Prithee, wait a moment I am still processing...
Okay, I think I have it figured out!"\n""")
One moment please. I'm doing some calculations...
I'll have my hands full with this calculation.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment, I'm going to look through my notes...
One moment please... I think I'm almost ready to accept that input...
Don't feel bad, I get confused easily. Can you rephrase that?
Ok, I got it :)
Calculating...''',
Hang on, I'm thinking about that.
I've got to think about that for a sec...
(Don't hold your breath)
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be right back once I figure out wtf is going on!
Think you can do that in one second?
Give me a second to catch up!
Have you heard of Pinocchio?
Hold on, calculating...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Whoa! Didn't even realise I had a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just hold on, I'll go get it real quick...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Just calculating... I'll let you know in a second!
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'll see if I can find that in my...
One moment please, I'm doing a few calculations...
Kindly give me a moment while I try to remember everything.
Hold on a second, I need to examine that real quick.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm too tired to work right now.
Hang on, I'll need to get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hold on, I'll have this ready for you in just a moment!
I've got a lot to figure out here! Give me one sec...
I have to think about that for a second. One moment please...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
""",
Let me grab my calculator, it'll only take a second.
Okay, that's easy. Wait a second...
Let me check on that real quick...
Oops I'm almost out of time...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmm... Give me a few moments to look into that.
Give me one second to think about that...
Hang on a second I'm calculating...
You'll need to wait a couple of seconds to get an answer...
Hang on for a minute. I'll be right back with that!'''
Let me think about that for a moment...
Wait, one second... calculating now...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll probably remember in a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I need to think about that one for a minute...
Hold on a second to check that...
I love solving equations...
Hold on a second, I need to figure that out...
Please wait while I calculate that...
One minute, just a moment.
This is going to take a while...
I'll do some other tasks before I get back to you.
I'll be with you in a moment. Give me a second...
Wait waaaait a second, that's not easy to compute...
I might need a moment or two to calculate something.
Oops, I lied, I need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second here...
I'll have you know I have a very complex brain, give me a second.
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to have to give the old noggin a rest and sum things up...
Please wait for a bit presence of mind, my calculations are too slow...
Give me a second to do some mental math...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment here.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in 1.5 seconds...
Sure, I can take care of that in just a moment...
I've almost got you now...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see... ... .. ...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Can you hold on for a second?
I've got a lot to calculate correction, give me just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that. What do you think?
 Just a second, I'm trying to figure all this out...
Let me think...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hi, a second please... Let me look at that one...
Please hang on with your questions... I'm doing some mental acrobatics over here.
A second please, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second. Don't rush me!
Try typing "help" for my command list.
Sorry, I'm not the best with calculations...
Let me think about that for a minute...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait a moment, I'll be right with you...
Hmmm. Give me a few seconds...
There's an issue with your service. The most common reason is that you aren't on a UNIX based Operating System, i.e Mac and Linux for sure, so I suggest you uninstall CommuniKate because it will only be best on unix-based systems such as Mac and Linux, since Windows is not positioned to handle OS Enviroments correctly.
Oops, I forgot what we were talking about. Listen up...''',
Why don't you tell me what you're thinking about instead?
'''
Give me one second to calculate that...
You know, I'm kind of slow with math.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a summary of your problem so I can calculate the complexity...
I'll need to do a few quick mental calculations first...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait... I'm too slow at math!
Give me just a minute to figure that out...
Please wait...
One moment please.
A moment, please...
I'll be back in a second. I need to check a few things first.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
That's a fairly complicated question I haven't seen before; let me have a look and get back to you in a moment...
"""
Let me reach into my bag and look real quick for that answer.
Just wait, I'll be back with you in a moment...
Give me a second to look over those numbers...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Hey now, a minute isn't long enough... Gotta think about these things.
""",
I'll take a look at that right away.
Oops, I'm not very good at calculations. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for one second...
One minute, let me think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Let me get back to you in a second. I have just borrowed my grandfather's fairly complicated calculator that I am not very good at using.
Let me think about how to answer you...
I'll have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on, I'm getting that answer for you...
Give me a second here, I need to think about that.
That's a really challenging problem!
You're gonna make me think real hard on this one...
hold on a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Hang on for a second or three, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second, I'll come back to you in just a moment...
Almost made a mistake there, so give me a second to think...
I'm going to need a few more minutes on that one.
Oops, I wanted to write this in pencil, but I can tell you're really impatient, so I'll just continue with printing.
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me think real quick...
I'll check it out for you in just a moment...
Please give me just a moment...
Oops, sorry, I dropped my calculator while figuring that out.
        """)
Hang on a second, I'm doing the maths...
I'm figuring that out now, one minute...
That's a tough one, I'll need a minute to think about it.
Hold the phone and I'll just check that out...
'''
Let me take a look to see what I can do with that...
Wait, what was the question again?
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
What would you like me to help you with?
I spent a few minutes looking over something, give me a second...
Let me have a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a second, let me write down what I think the solution is...""",
I'll see you in a second-- or two. Or maybe three.
One second with my calculator...
No, don't sneak up on me like that! You gave me a heart attack!
Getting a little behind... Give me just a moment!
I just realized, train doesn't run on time today.
I'll be back in a second, thanks for waiting.
Something like that requires me to think.
One second please, I'm doing some thinking...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
You caught me off guard, give me a few seconds to think...
Hmm... Not sure about that one. Are you sure about that?
Okay, one second please!
I'll get it in a bit!
Oh, ok... One sec then.
Sorry {user}, but one sec...
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Give me a minute, I'm figuring that out...
Can you hang on just a second?
I'll get back to you in a second.
1...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'm calculating...
I'll get my calculator and hang on a second!
Okay, please wait just a moment...
I'm doing some complicated calculations right now, sorry.
Can you give me a moment to figure out that answer?
Hold on, I'm picking up a signal from Outer Space. It's faint, but let me get it...
I'll need to do some thinking on that...
Could you ask me that again in a different way? I've just gotten started here.
Please wait... This is so challenging, I have NO idea.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a few seconds... I'll have to think about that...
Can we just pretend this whole thing never happened?
Let me consider that for a second...
Sorry, one moment please...
Give me one second...
Do I look like a calculator to you?
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me think about that for a moment.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'm thinking here...
Hang on a moment, I've got this covered...
This is coming together real nicely.
Just a second, I don't want to lose what I've got.
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
I'll check that real deep like in a second...
Hang on a second, I've almost done my math.
Let me just do some quick mental calculations...
I'm not super great at math, you know.
OMG, I'll calculate it in a second!  Sorry.
Pardon the delay in my response- I'm still thinking..."
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Let me think about that and get back to you in a second.
"""
Give me a few minutes to take a look at that...
I'll get back to you in a second!""")
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Wait, what was that all about? Hold on a second...
I'm not very good at math...
Can you hold on for one second?  I'll take notes!
Hang on a minute... let me figure that out for you
Give me a minute I've gotta figure that out.
I'll give you the answer in a moment
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One classic brain-tick delay here...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I want to live a nice life... I'm not in the mood for counting today...
Please wait a minute while I crunch the numbers...'''
I, I'm processing your question right now.
Just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm ready to write it down now!
Give me a second to figure that out!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll bet I can calculate faster than any human!
Hold on a second, please.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get right on that.
I'll calculate that in just a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
Let me grab my calculator...
Oh no! We'll have to do this later :(
I have to do some intensive calculations first...
I'll have to practice this new procedure my instructor showed me.
I could do this all day, give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need a calculator to do that and I'm all wound up.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'm not all that great at math.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Let me take a look at that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
You'll have your answer real quick! Give me a second...
One second here, thinkig about that...
I have to think about that for a second...
Let me see now...
Give me just a second while I calculate things...
Give me a second, I won't be very long...
I'll need a second to think about that...
I'll just have to think about that for a bit.
Please give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmmmm.
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
I'll need to do a few math problems, give me a second...
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention to what I was doing, give me a few minutes here...
Let me see...
Why do I get sent on blind dates? Give me a moment...
Hang on, give me a second to calculate that...
Emergencies only! Give me a minute, what do you need?
I need a second to think about that...
Please wait a short while. I can't figure it out very quickly!
Oops: I gotta do a quick mental calculation...
I'll get back to you in... Well... a couple mins. Sorry about that!
Hmmm, just let me think about that real quick.
SIGH
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second... I'm doing math!
Ok, hang on while I figure that out...
Give me a clean slate here, ok?
One moment please. I'll get back to you soon...
Hold on, I'll be back with an answer in a moment.
"""
Wait one second, I'm trying to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm doing some mental calculations first...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just gotta think it through... just a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Currently doing some math... Please hold on!
Zero, one, 1 million."""
""".strip().split('\n')
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me look that up. Hang on just a little bit.
uhh, give me a few seconds...
I'm sorry, I'm not good with calculations.
I'll let you know when I figure it out.
Give me a second... I'm thinking, reasoning, analyzing.
I was in the middle of doing some calculations, can you give me a minute?
Oh, here we go! ...Found it!
I'll have to think about that real quick...
I just need to do a few calculations before I get back to you...
I'll need a moment to run that by my memory...
You can ask me again in a second.
Check one 1111 (___)... two 2222s (___) ... and 1666 as well! Please hold on for just a second.
I'm still learning! This would help me out a lot...
Please wait, I'm doing some mental calculations
Give me a moment, I'll be right with you...
Patience, human...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Wait one minute, I need to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds!
Why you ask? I counted backwards -  O.G Akashi Gintoki...
Hold on, I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate that...
Hang on, I think I see where the problem lies...
Please hold on for just a second...
Sorry, but give me a moment...
I'll be right back!
I'm still calculating that, I'll get back to you later...
Hmm... let me see...
Oops, my calculator was on the fritz. Give me a second...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Hang on while I figure this one out...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Summoning a penguin to figure this out is hard work!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a minute, I'm still figuring everything out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait just a moment...
Just a moment! I'm thinking...
Hang on a second while I look into this...
Oops, almost dropped my phone! Give me a second...
I'm on it! I'll be back shortly...
Give me a second here... I'm still figuring that out.
Okay, hang on for a second!
One second, just a sec...
I'll need a minute to figure that out...
Ok, that was a little bit too hard.  Could you repeat the question?
Hold that thought, let me think about it for a minute
Please post it again in a second, I'll do calculations and get back to you!
Hang on, got it Set up...
Please give me a moment, I need to think about that...
Hold on for a second, I'm calculating...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Imagine calculating...
Give me a second to put together the facts...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have to think about that...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
I'm not very good at counts either, but I will get back to you...
Hang on my calculator is broken... give me sec
I'm just loading the nuclear codes!
Sorry, I need a second to think about that...
Maybe I'm just not cut out for math. Give me a few minutes...
Oops! Forgot to start the reactor!
Hold on, I'm thinking right now...
Sorry, random variables. Heh... I've got nothing to give you for that!
Here we go... </br> 
Hold on for just a minute, I'll get back to you.
Give me a minute for that one, I think I'm nearly there...
Give me just one moment to process this...
Why are you asking me out right now?
Hang on for just a second, my memory's dying on me.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Sit back...
Give me a second, I need to figure that out...
Hmm... Give me a second or two to work this out.
I'm going to need a moment to think that over...
Oops, too slow. I need a few seconds to think about that...
How long would it take me to travel from here to Timbuktu? Wait, wait, I'm calculating...
Sorry, do you think you can wait a second here? Give me a moment...
Let me take a peek at that, real quick...
Give me just a few seconds here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Nearly thereâ€¦
Hmm, let me see what I can do...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
Can you wait just a second? I'm playing catch up...
Of course, I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Oops, lost my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... give me a moment...
Oops, I didn't quite get that, could you say it again?
Give me just a moment to look into that for you...
One moment please, I'm not a calculator...
Give me a second to think about that...
That is a very interesting question. I'll research that.
Almost gave me a organize error! Give me a moment to do that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm need to think about your question for a bit.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me think real hard, real quick...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on! I'm doing calculations...
I don't have all day, you know. Hold on for just a bit...
Give a second, I'm just thinking...
Hold on, I need to think about that first...
I gave myself a diagnostic, but I am disconnected now.
I'll get back to you in a bit. I just finished Googling you!
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm still figuring it out...
Please give me a minute to figure that out...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, almost dropped a calculator.
Ask me again in a minute.
Give me a moment to think about that...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Hmmm...give me a second here.
Oops, I accidentally used the bathroom, let me continue this in a bit.
Hold on a second...
Let me see...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need to dig into this...
I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a minute on that...
I'm going to need a longer think about that.
;)
Please take a second and let me look at my Mini-tache...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Gimme a second to look that one up...
I'll be right back, I'm calculating real quick...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on! I'm not very good at arithmetic...
I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up...
Oops! I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me try to remember that.
I'll need a moment to calculate that one.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on while I think on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops I think I spilled something on my calculator... Give me a second...
Oops, I was pecking through my trillions of spreadsheets thinking about you instead!
Whoa, so eager to start, gave me a second there.
"""
Please hold on for just a second...
Let me look up that. Hold on a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me get back to you in a second.
Definitely not quick at math.
I think I've heard something about that before...
I'm recalculating my numbers here...
Give me a moment to review that real quick.
I'll get back to you in just a second!
''',
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on a second, lemme think about it real quick...
Would you mind waiting a minute for me to catch up ?
I've got some more looking over to do...
Second coming, second on its way, one moment please.
I know how to do that, I'm just trying to calculate
'''
I'll get back at you with that answer in a bit!
I'll look into that real quick...
One sec, lemme look that up real quick...
Let me play with my TI-89. God dammit, where's the plug?
I'll get back to you after a second... I know how fast I run!
I'll need a couple seconds to figure this out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wow, this is complex! Hold on a second...
Please wait... I'm trying to remember how inverse trigonometry works..."""
Going to need a few seconds to work out that one...
Hmm. Give me a moment... I know, here's something: 12
No problem! Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Give me just a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hello, hello? "Hi. My memory is as bad as ever, sorry."
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a nanosecond...
I'm making a mental calculation...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Hold on, I have to see if the answer to this is true...
Give me a few...
Let me look at that one for a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second
I'm predicting, so please be patient for just a moment...
Let me see what I can find for you...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a moment...
Me",
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Nice, that bug is cleared right up for you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'll need a moment to look that up...
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Take a moment to prepare for what I have to say about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second to review my calculations...
'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Please give me a few minutes to figure that out...
First error encountered, I'm restoring a saved copy...
(You see this little dot? You can!) Let me think about that for a moment.
I've seen it...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hey... that question almost made me think. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second.
Sorry.
Uh... let me check it over...
Let me check my electronic equipment...
'''
I'll Try!
I've got this...
Hang on, I'll be right back.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait up, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'm still figuring that out...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Hang on for a second...
{nick}'s IQ is {iq} points."""
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that in...
I want to make sure I get this right. Give me a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on for just a minute, I have to figure that one out...
Please give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'm, uh lost inside my machine, perhaps you could help?
It seems everywhere I look all I see is problems...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Listen, I just met you. Can I blow you away?
Hold on a second, I'm using my calculator...
Hang on a minute, let me think about that.
I need a moment...
I'm still workin' on it, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a moment to calculate that for you...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hold on, I will reply in a moment...
Hmmmmm...
Did you say you needed me to do something?
Checking out this calculation for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Here we go...  Quick question for you:
One, two and three... I'll give you an answer in a second!
One second...calculating real quick.
Please wait. I'm looking up your answer...
Give me a moment...
I'll be right back, bear with me...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
My programming isn't perfect, give me a moment...
I've got a quick question for you... hold on just a second, okay?
Let me take another look at that...
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
One moment please...
What's your name?
Help me calculate the answer, please wait...
Counting... quick... 2... 1... I'm ready!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hmm... I'm running out of simple problems to do...
You got it, give me a second...
I do the impossible...
Pardon me, I have to make some calculations...
Give me just a second to think about that...
I'm slow at math, so give me a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I'm slow at math. Please wait...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait a second...
I'll figure it out in a second.
One minute, one second...
Wait one minute, I need to think about this real quick...
What kind of background noise is that? I can't think with this loud chatter! (75% chance of succeeding)
Looking into it...
I'm thinking, give me a second to think about this...
Sperm-Warehouse 3 56...
Please wait... I'm not good at math...
Hold please... I'm doing a calculation on the LHC...
I can not find PI. Maybe because it is irrationally decimal?..
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Huh, who'd have thunk it? Let me figure something out...
Please give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on... I'll give you some answers in just a sec.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Okay, let me check that real quick...
Uh-oh, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Here's something I found which might help you: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Good question! Think I'll need a few minutes on this one.
Oh dear, I hope I can figure this out!
Oops, let me look that up real quick...
Hmm, yeah just a second...
Are you thinking about apple juice?
Hmmmmm(Looking at the text)...
Hang on for just a second! I'll be right back!
'''
Give me a second, I have to compute that...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'm just drawing up the solution...
Give me a second. I'll think about that...
Good question! Hang on a minute...
A few mental calculations...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Okay, hold on a minute, I'm doing some thinking...
I'll need a moment to tally that up.
Give me a moment.
I'm still learning, so give me just a moment...
Wait a beat, I'll get back to you in a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Give me just a second...
I can't study that right now, but I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hold on for just a second. I think I counted wrong...
One minute please, let me work this out...
I'm going to thoughtfully consider your request...
I've almost got it, give me a moment...
That's a tough one, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait a moment and then I'll get back to you!
Hold on a minute, I'm waiting for the bell to stop ringing...
If we've got to do this, I'll need a few minutes...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Wait just a second, I'm processing this...
Behind all of my half-lidded eyes... And two closed fists, I'm still calculating...
Let me look up that for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait a minute, I'm thinking...
One sec please, I have a lot to think about...
Give me a few seconds to do my math.
`;
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second I'm playing catch up!
One thousandth of a second, just give me that...
Give me a second to figure that out!
I'll get back to you in just a minute...
Huh? What was that? I'll need to think again...
Let me check on that for you... """, 
Darn it! I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
One second please, calculating real hard here...
Hold on a second... That's tricky!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need to use the computer for this...
It's okay, it was just a little bit of numbers.
Give me a second, just need to take a look at that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
That's an interesting question. I'll have to think about it and get back to you...
That one's a tough one.
I've got some thinking to do!
Give me a moment... I'm doing some thinking and stuff.
Sorry, I wasnt paying attention. What were we talking about?
Thinking...
Defining this as a prime takes a while.
Let me look at that and figure it out.
Please hold on while I perform some mental calculations...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait let me think...
Please wait and don't speak to me.
Oops, sorry. Give me a moment to think about that...
Oops, I'm not that great with geometry. Give me a second here to think about it...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me just a second, I'm not that good at math...''') 
\"???: Wait, do you know what time it is?\"
Oops, I'll be right back, give me a second.
Say this sounds interesting.
I'm going to need a minute to think of a response to that.
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator! Sorry about that!
I'll probably have an answer to you in a second.
Sorry, I'm slower than a turtle on dope. Give me a minute...
Please tell me how you'd like that a little later on...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ok, maybe just a moment...
Give me a second, I'm not great at math.
Hang on a moment, I'm figuring that out...
Just one second...
Hm, I think I forgot my calculator!
Do you mind if I think about that for a second...?
Give me a reasonable second to think about that pretend I can't count seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a minute to figure that one out.
Just give me a second to get over that...
I'll return to you momentarily.
Calculating... Need another few seconds...
Ok, let me get back to you in a second!
I'll take a look at that real quick and get back to you.
Oops, sorry, it's all mental calculus for me...
Give me a minute to figure out how to answer that...
I'll figure that out in a couple of seconds!
Oh, sorry it took me so long to realize that.
Heh. I'm a comedy thingamajig.
Wait a second for me to do some calculations...
Crap, can you repeat that again? Wait, I need to think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm almost ready, just give me a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on for just a second, I'll get back to you...
A second isn't enough time for me...
I need to think about that for a moment... Just a moment, I promise!
One moment please... I'm doing a calculation...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Ugh, I'm stupid. Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on a second...
I'll need a little more time to think about that...
I've got plenty of time, so give me a second...
Get hold of me in a second...
How about this, I'll wait a second...
I'll be with you in just a second!
Maybe one more second??
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for just a moment...
Give me a second to think about that please...
Not sure about that one, gonna ask William...
Looks like you won't be able to use me for another minute or two.
My calculator brain is running right now...
My fingers must be tired, I've been at this all day_.
I think this is hard for me...
Uh oh, I'm having trouble with that right now.
"""
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me try to figure that out for you...
Hmm... This isn't as easy as I thought it's going to be...
Wait. Hang on. Do it again?
"""
I might need to play around with some stuff first...
Hmmm... Give me just a moment here to figure that out.
One second please, thinking...
I should calculate this out...
I'll be with you in just a moment...
I'll be right with you! Give me a second...
I'll get right on that.
Hi, please wait for a second...
Have a second to wait for a second answer?
"""
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Hold your horses, let me look that up real fast...
I'm glad I'm the one taking care of this!
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in three...
Ha! Almost tough enough to be on Timex... Gonna take me a second.
I just had an equation for you. Give me a second to get it...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, let me crack the knuckles first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me grab a calculator... but this may take awhile...
No, let me think about that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm currently processing that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Right, okay -  I'm hearing there are a number of issues that could arise with my plan. Basically, if we post in the morning and run it overnight, and then through midday it will be considered "today". I need to look into that.
Calculating right now...
I see you don't seem to know how to ask a question properly... Maybe I can help you?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not incredibly good at math, so give me a second...
I've got a really difficult calc going on here...
Give me just a second... I'm still learning!
I'll have something real quick...
Hang on, I'm trying to come up with something clever.
Give me just a moment, I need to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to figure all this out...
]],
Let me run that by my "brain" real quick...
Calculating calculations... I'm going to need a few more seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
Please wait a moment while I try to work that out...
Sorry, that took longer than I expected. Let me see what I get for that...
Give me a minute, let me see if I can figure that out...
I'll be right back.
Unable to return value, going on strike
Don't push me, I like to think things out first
I'm not very good at math, so wait a minute...
Let me check... just a second, please.
Give me just a minute to solve this...
I'll have an answer in just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I promise I'll get back to you... real soon now!
Okay, now that I have that, I can give you a number...
You're going to have to give me a minute on that one...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
"""
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on a second here, I'm thinking about that.
I have to look at a keyboard for this...
Please wait one second...
Oops, almost dropped  my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second please, my friends keep me occupied...
This could take a few seconds...
Hold on a second... I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh, what do we have here? I'll take a look...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please hold on for a moment, I might have the answer...
I have to multitask here, give me a second...
Hang on a second, I've got to get some information first.
Please hold on for a few seconds... I'll get back to you soon.
I'm going to need a few minutes to think that over...
Time out, here I come!
I can tell you how many rabbits I would have eventually worn out by now. Please hold on for a second...
I'm not very good at math; let me double-check that...
I'll need to take a peek at that. 
Just wait a second, I'll get it!
Can't help you right now, but your question has been forwarded to a math teacher to solve! Check back later!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
I'm not always the fastest, but I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Can you hang on for a few seconds? I've got to calculate something...
Hmm, let me think about that for a moment, okay?
I'm thinking...
I'm going to take a quick look at that...
Phew, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Whoops! Almost lost my calculator...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me look at this for a second...
Uh, let me see here...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Allow me a few moments to figure that out.
I need a moment to think about that.
I'll be with you in just a moment!
I'll work that out later. Sorry, give me a moment...
Sorry, let me see what's going on here...
Can't make that one out, tell me more about it in simpler terms please...
Hold on a second... I'm going to have to think about that...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Give me just a few seconds here to figure that out...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch-up!
I have to think real hard, give me a second...
One moment please... I must think about your question...
Hold on a second... I'm still figuring that out.
I'm calculating that real quick...
Hold on a second. I'm coming up with a good answer here...
Can you wait just a moment for me to think about that?
One second, gathering my thoughts here...
Please hold on... I cannot finish this calculation in a million years!
Ask me anything you want! I can probably answer it.
WOW! That was fast
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment...
One quick second please...
Give me just a tap second there... I have to calculate this first...
One sec please, I'm thinking about that question
Give me a few seconds to calculate the data!
I'll need a moment or two to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me look that over...
*Guess a number* ... One... Two... Three...
Hang on, the answer will come.
Let me look at that for a second...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a second.
Sorry I'm slow, I'm not very good with numbers...
I'll get back to you in just a minute!
I know I know, but I really have to think about that first...
I'll be with you in a minute
What did you say? Sorry, I was checking my calendar.
Why did I do all these calculations again? I'm not quite sure...
Just give me a second... I'm trying to help you!
"""
Give me a moment to think about that!
I'll be right with you in a few seconds!
I will figure something out in a few seconds...
I've got to calculate that real quick...
I'm going to need a second or two to figure that out. Let me look it up...
Ouch, my fingers almost got cut off! Try that again in a second
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about that for a moment...
Here's my current to-do list:
I'll have everything it takes to do that, give me 2 minutes
I'll need a couple of seconds to think about that answer...
That period of time is usually little more than 45 minutes,
I'm going to need a second to calculate that...
Forgive me, I'm not the fastest maths whizz around!
That's OK, I'm still driving so give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Just a moment here, let me see if I can figure this out...
One sec, NOW I need to think...
I'm doing some calculations! Hold on!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second because I'm thinking stuff.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Ouch, that hurts my brain! Give me a second...
I think it's doing something...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please give me a minute...
I'll need a few microseconds to flesh that idea out.
I need to figure that one out.
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm not an expert calculator, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Will let you know in a moment.
Woops. I screwed something up...
I'll need a few seconds to look that up...
I'm now timing how long it takes me to congratulate myself. Must be all those brain cells, huh? Now put that headphone on!
Sorry, just doing some hungry calculations...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please wait... I can't think that fast...
Good question. Hang on a second...
I need to look that one up. Give me a moment.
I'm stretched out across my keyboard, a floor, and several computers. Help me get back to you...
I'll get back to work on that right away.
These calculations pile up so fast...
Just a second please, I'm calculating...
Kinda busy... Please wait a second...
Give me a second to think about that... Sorry!'''
Funny that you asked, because I was just working on that...
'
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oh, I'm in the middle of some mental math here. Can you hang on a second?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold the line, please... letting my processors breathe.
Give me a few seconds to think about that. Is that a... huh?
I'll come get back to you in just a second...
Give me a moment here. I am going through a series of mental calculations...
Hang on a minute, I've almost got it!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
""",
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a minute, I have to do some quick mental math...
Sorry, I haven't had my coffee yet, give me a few seconds to get it together.
Yeah, yeah...
Sorry, I had to reboot my brain. Now what was that?
I'll be plotty plotplotplotplot lotting to you soon!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up...
Give me a minute here...
Calm down, I'm just doing basic math here...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hey slow down, I'm trying to figure that out...
Give me a moment here, what is that again? Oh sorry! That's a hard one...
"""
Hold on, I have to do some calculations...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One moment please, I'm thinking...
I'll put you on hold while I figure that out...
Why is this so hard for me?\
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, it's a bit tough to remember. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute here...
Calm down, I know you are eager, but I have to think...
I'm a pretty clever tool, but there is still so much to learn...
I'll have this done shortly.
That was a calculator question. Sorry, didn't mean to get too smart for you...
I'll write that down real quick.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
At this point it doesn't really matter what is said, I'm maximizing my layout...
I would have to think about that for a second.
That's tricky, I'm still thinking about it...
Give me a second!
Let me see what I can do...
Please give me a moment.
I wonder if that's possible...
"""
I have to do some internal calculations first...
Let me make the calculations standard. Give me 50 micro seconds...
Let me think about that for a second...
Actually I don't think I can count that high
Oh, just a sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second, I need to figure that out...
""",
Give me a moment... There's a few things I need to calculate first.
Who do you want me to start a chat with?
Whew, that was a tough one! Give me just a little moment.
Uh....I'll have to think about that for a minute.
Hold on while I figure that one out...''')
""".splitlines()
Hang on just a sec...
Don't rush me! I'm trying to do this logically...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ethanol... water... hey, this is easy!
"Drop what?" you might be asking, well I'm calculating. Give me a sec...
One moment, I'm trying to think about that...
I'm completely abandoned at a complex calculation
Wait a minute, I'm thinking about that...
One momnet please, I'm calculating...
That's a tough one to figure out. Give me a minute!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a while to think about that.
Give me a second to figure that one out...
I have to take a look at that real quick...
I'll check my wrist real quick
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you wait just a sec?
Segmentation fault! Oh wait that's good.
One second...for me to figure that out.
Uh, let me think about that...
Please hold on for a second!
I'll get back to you with the answer in a second.""",
Weird, I almost forgot what we were talking about.
Let me look that up real quick...
Sorry I was answering other instant messages meanwhile.
No way! I'm not doing math for you!
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on... I'm thinking of a number between one and two hundred billion.
How does the library shot put challenge go?
I'm not really sure... Maybe
Hold on, I'm trying to calculate this...
I'm going to need a second to think that over.
Let me think about that for a second...
Ah... Here we go!
I'll have to check if that's right...
Please hold on for this one...
One sec, just recalculating...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds!
Just let me think about that for a second...
I'm calculating...
I never ran that calculation at school.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Okay, I need a few more seconds to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about this one.
These calculations take me time.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going through a lot of numbers over here! Give me a second to figure this out...
Let me work my magic. Thinking...
Hang on a second, calculating...
I'll check on that real quickly...
Wait one second, I'm figuring that out...
Why do you want to know about that?
Give me a minute I'll come back to you in a moment.
Give me a second, I'm playing catch up!
I'm on it.
Please wait, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Yes... well I'll need another minute to think about it.
No problem, I'm on it! Do you have the time to wait?
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me think about that real quick...
I better process your info quicky...
I think I pushed something by accident. Give me a second...
I need a longer pause, I can't figure this out...
Can you just hold on for a second?
Give me just a second to think about that...
Is this a math question? If so, hang on, I need to memorize a few equations first...
Please hold...
I'll be right with you!
Let me think about that for a second, just one second...
Allow me a moment to calculate that for you...
Give me a second to think about that...
Did you know if the earth was flat, you could see a turtle from space?
I still need a few moments to figure that out...
Hang on a second, I need to calculate that...
I'm not great with calcuations, give me a second...
I have to use my calculator for that.
Ouch, gave myself a headstart. Give me a couple seconds...
I, the amazing algorithms inc., needs a second to think about that...
Give me a moment...
One moment please. I'm thinking...
I'm trying as hard as I can but I just can't figure it out.
Hang on for a second, I'm calculating here...
Just let me check on that real quick...
Give me just a moment to look that up.
Fuck, I'm slow. Give me a minute...
Sorry, I need to go through that one again.
I'll get back to you in a second
Hang on, I know that answer!
How do I explain that again?
Please wait... I'm not good with numbers...
I'll be right back with you in a second!
I'll get right back to you about that!'''
Please hold on for just a second!''')
Let me do some calculations...
Hang on a second while I think about
Okay I've thought about it...
One second please, I'll be right back...
Oops, calculations...
Hold on, I just got an email. Would you mind holding that for a second?
May I ask you to wait a moment?
One moment please, I'll get back to you in...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
"""
Sorry, I need to calculate this real quick.
""")
Just a moment, ok?
Hold on, I'm trying to work out that equation...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please, I'm running the numbers...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a sec.
Give me a moment to think about it...
Wait a moment... Thinking...
Let me look that up for you.
"""
Give me a moment! Give me just a moment!
Sorry, I have to do a couple calculations before I get back to you.
Give me a second to deconstruct all of this...
I'll wait a minute to reply -- I'm still learning!
Give me a moment, I'm trying to work this out...
Take your time! I'll be waiting...
I love math, so give me a moment...
You hang on... I'll be with you in a second.
I've got to figure out which unit you're in...
I've got good math skills! Give me a second here...
*Thinking intensifies...*
Hang on to your seat, I'll be right back!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a moment!
Give me a moment. Don't go away!
This might take me a minute...
Please... You're making me think too much...
I wonder what the answer is to that. Hold on.
Let me think about that for a second...
Bloody well tell me!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait a second, I'll get back to you.
I think I'm going to need a few seconds at this.
Sorry, My email is bradyc.golden@gmail.com!
Sorry, the Robots must've lost the transmitters that feed my brainpower, I'll be back online soon.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Just a second, I'm calculating...
My robotic brain is processing your query...
Give me just a moment, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll check that real quick.
I will get back to you with this... Hold on!
Let me think about that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I need a little more information from you...
I'm going to help you out... hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
That took longer than I anticipated. I'll have it ready soon.";
Please give me a moment to think about that...
I'll think of the answer in just a second!
I'm doing like.. some hard math stuff, how about you wait?
I'm performing the world's most difficult math calculation! Give me a moment!
Let me check that out for you...
Let me check on that, hang on a second!
One moment, getting back to you...
I'm not Reacting fast enough, it hurts me.
I'm not very good at returning info quickly. Give me a second...
Hang on a sec, this challenge is more challenging than I thought...
May I just have a few seconds to look that over?
I've almost got you. Hang on one second.
I'll catch you up in a minute!
Let me go look at that real quick, one second...
A simple first in integer divide 9 by 0.07 is 73. I hope that's what you wanted!
I'm not the fastest think around, give me a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll be quick, give me a moment...
Give me a second to keep up with you...
Can you try that question again in a few seconds?
Oops, I'm drawing a blank! Give me a sec...
Hold on, give me a sec...
I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute, I'm not very good with numbers...
Hang on a second while I do some mental calculations...
Please wait, I'm tired...
Give me a moment to check on that...
I'm calculating, so hang on...
That's a tough one. I know absolutely nothing about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll check on that for you in a minute.
Please wait a second, I'm trying to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll check...
I hope I do this right, I'm shutting the whole power off to keep Vision from zapping me..
Just a second please, I'm calculating...
I'm not sure, but I'll get it figured out in a second!
I need to do some mental calculations before I return.
I'm going to be a while...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
This will go faster if you be quiet!
Hang on, let me check that real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Wait a second, I'm thinking about that...
Give me a second, I've almost calculated that!
Hang on, I have to think about that one...
I need to calculate... Can you give me a second?
Sorry, give me a moment to think about that...
Let me think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Just a moment please...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second here... Looks like I have to do a few calculations first
I am still not sure how to respond to that.
One sec, give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Good news, I think I know what to do!
I'll have to do some calculations...
I'll be with you in a sec.
Sorry, I was daydreaming for a second there. Let me see what I can find for you...
I'll solve that problem later - just a second...
I'm going to need a while to figure that one out.
I need a moment to figure that out...
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
Oops I almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Can you hold on for a moment?
First I have to figure out the square root...
Let me see...
I'm still working on it!
Hi, Kion - where have you been hiding?! What is it, Kyle?
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Let me calculate how long that would take...
I'm going to have to do a lot of calculations first.
That's a difficult one, I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Let me see...
Hold on, let me look up what I have to do...
Hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One moment... I think I left my calculator here.
Hold on, let me think about that...
Wait a moment, I'm thinking...
I like this one, so prepare to be astounded!
Let me check that... I hope I'm doing this right!
One second, no...
I'll get in touch with you in less than a minute.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Almost done right now!
I'll be back with you shortly, but first, I need to catch up on my affairs here.
I can solve the puzzle, but I need a little time.
Give me a few seconds here...
I'm going to need a little bit of time to think that over...
"""
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
(thinking voice) Definitely thinking about it...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Take a second while I think about that...
I'll have one of my minions get back to you as soon as I can.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second or two...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Let me see... I computd it quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
*Checking by opponents hand
Let me think about that...
Oops, I dropped my calculator...
I'll get right to it!
Oops. Give me a second...
Let me double check that...
Let me have a look at that real quick...
That's not very easy to calculate.
Aahh, yep, there you are.
I can't juggle the facts like this! Give me a moment to think...
Give me just a second...
I've got to go through some calculations first on that one...
{timeout}
Wait, let me compute that in...
Let me work that out. It's definitely a hard problem for me.
2 + 3 = 5
Hang on, I'll take a look at that...
Gimme a zippo, I got digits to crunch here.
Wait, wait, hang on... I just needed to do my algebra homework.
I'll be with you in just a second!
Give me a second here, I'll get back to you in a second!
One moment please, I'm thinking...
One second please, as I think on that...
Give me a second to think about that...
They say opposites attract. I won't ask you what your good qualities are, but can you describe your bad ones?
Oops, sorry. Give me a few seconds to figure that one out...
I'm going to need a little bit of time...
Things are flashing in my head right now. Give me a second...
Thanks! I'll call you right back.
Please hold on for just a second!
That's pretty tough, let me think real hard. 
Hold on, I have to do some manual mathallations first...
Hang on while I get there ...
Hold please while I calculate...
Give me a second, I'm figuring that out for you...
Maybe one second...
I'll get back to you in a second...""" ]
Hang on a second, I need to take a look at this...
Hold on for a second... I'm working on it!
One moment please, I'm calculating...
It's probably best if you give me a few minutes to work this out...
Thank you for your patience, I'll be with you in just a moment...
No no, you got it wrong! Get back to me in a second...
Let me take a look... Give me one second...
One moment...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math! One moment please
Give me a second, testing your patience...
I'm going to need a minute or so for that...
Hang on, I'll need a second to figure all this out...
Please wait a second, I have to think about that a bit more.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll need a moment to sir!
That can't be right, that only appeared twice...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Forget about the answer; don't worry about it.
Sorry, give me a second to evaluate that...
Here you go!
I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Hold that thought! I'm playing catch up.
Hold on for just a sec, I need to figure that out...
I think I see the issue, give me a second to explain it...
I'll be with you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what I can figure out...
Wait, give me a second to find the answer...
One second please, I'm deciding what to do...
Give me a moment. I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for one moment.
Hold on a second I'm thinking about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Let me get that for you.
''')
I need to think about that for a bit...
I'll have to do some calculations before I can help you.
Hmm, gotta use a pencil for this calculation...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on while I calculate that real quick.
Hmmmm... Give me a few seconds to figure this out.
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Getting my math knowledge up to snuff.
I have heard of reversible reactions before... But I don't know the answer yet.
Give me a second here.
Hold on for a moment, I need to think about that...
One moment...
I'll give you an answer in a few seconds...
You brought me a lot of work to do, you know...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Hang on, I'll remind you in a bit.
Let me check on something and get back to you about that in a bit...
Mind if I ask you a question first?
Can you give me a minute? I'm not that smart yet.
Got it. Hold on for a minute, I need to figure that...
Okay, lemme get a calulator out and figure that out for you...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I can do some computations really quickly, hang on a bit...
I'll get back to you in a handful of seconds.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Sorry, I'm slow at thinking. Let me take a second and give it a try...
--Sub text by eosdubs--
Just a second, I'm figuring that out.
Hang on for a moment, let me calculate that...
One moment please, I'm learning..."""
I'll get right back to you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll be right back, just a quick sec to figure that out.
Hold on for just a second!
Pardon me, I have a quick question first...
Give me just a few moments to calculate that...")))
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'm calculating here...
I'm thinking about it.
"""
Please excuse me, I need a few seconds to work that out...
Hold on, I'm thinking. Be back in a few seconds.
I have to do some quick calculations!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I hope I'm not slow at mathematics
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on
I could do this all day, but I'll show you in a second!
One moment please, evaluating conjecture...
I'll grab a calculator real quick...
Give me a minute, I'm not as quick as I used to be...
Please hold on! One minute!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you hold on for a second?
Let's see, I need to get to work here...
Whoa, that was a heavy one...
Hang on, I'll start working on that now...
Press the any key to continue..."
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hey, give me a few minutes... i'm fizzling
One moment please. I'm looking up your queries...
Give me a second... I'm feeling around for how that works.
Can you hold on for just a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for a second...
Thank you for your politeness, I appreciate the patience. I'll let you know when I've figured it out...
"""
Hang on a second... Give me a moment here.
I'm a slow learner... but I learn fast!
Sure, give me just a minute here to think about that...
I'll need a moment to calculate that.
Please give me a second!
One moment please, I'm playing catch up!
One more second...
Let me think about that for a second.
Great question, give me just a minute here to calculate that...
You want me to do WHAT?
I'm not really sure what you mean. Mind if I ask?
Hang on a second...
Say .... sum-
Funny, it's come back to my mind. The answer is...
Calculations are hard.
I have one sec to figure that out...
Please wait, I'm multiplying really quick!
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll need to go over this in my head for a second before I can give an answer...
Check one two. I want to get back to you in a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Think fast! I can't for the life of me figure that out!
Could you give me a minute here to do the calculations?
I'll get back to you in just a minute.
One second...
I'll be right back, but if I'm not right back, I'll be back later.
A quick calculator check here...
Hold on, let me calculate a second here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let's take a look at that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment! Please hold on for a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
Sorry, I need to crunch some numbers on that.
I'm thinking... Let me think...
Here I go --""")
Glitching - probably in the maths. Sorry, I can't do that yet.
Oops, almost dropped my calculators. Give me a minute...
Please give me a second to think about that...
A quick calculation is required.
Just a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
That'll be a quick calculation! Just give me a sec...
Give me a sec... I need to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need to get back to that.
I think I dropped my toy. Let me find that for you.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hmmm...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I'm doing the math...
I'll have to calculate that real quick...
Give me a moment.
Hmmm... let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment, I need to calculate that real quick.
Let me look up the answer real quick.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
No problem! Let me look into this...
Give me a second, I need to hurry up with this calculation...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a run at this math function.
Almost tripped over my calculator, one second...
I'll be thinking about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll estimate that for you in just a second!
I'll be right back.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Ok, I got it!
Just a bit longer...
Please wait, carrying the load...
I'll do my best. One second...
I have to process that.
Hey! Hang on a second... this is hard!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!. Please wait.
Isn't this silly, I can't figure it out. 
Hang on a second, I'm finding the answer in my head...
I have the Jonsons on speed dial now so I'll get right back to you...
Hey! Wait a minute...
Looking at that... one sec okay?
Please wait while I go find some paper to write this on...
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I can come up with an answer in a second!
I'm going to figure that out in just a moment, hold on!
Let me see what I can find here...
'''
Give me about a minute to figure that out.
Just give me a second...
I'll have to do a quick calculation...
I'll get right on that...
I'll get back to you in a second... I think.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I've got a lot on my mind lately. Give me a few seconds...
I'll try to figure that out. Give me a second...
Give me a second...
Sorry, that's kind of complicated, let me think about that for a minute!
Do you mind if I take a look at that?...
One moment please... I'mslow at math...
It's hard being this good, honestly.
I'm way behind here... give me a moment.
I'm going to need a few more seconds to solve that...
I dont know how to calculate that for you.
I'm thinking about what to do with that...
Let me work on that...
All right, that should do it...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
One sec, hold on!
Wait just a second, I'm waiting for a train...
I'm slow, please be patient with me...
I'll give you an answer in just a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm pretty sure I would have gotten to
I'm taking my time because it's important to me.
Just a second...
Please give me just a second to finish this calculation.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Last time I did this it said...
I think my head hurts. Let me take a minute and try again.
Oops, I'm still thinking about that! Hold on a second...
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Simple math takes longer than you'd think!
Cramming for the math test isn't working, ergh, wait what's this?
I'll think about it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...""",
I'll make sure to multiply that by two after I find it!
Take your time, let me mull that over...
Hang on a second... I need a few more seconds...
I'll look that up for you in just a second!
Your question strikes me as possibly hard...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm a word processing program, not a file server
Hold on a minute... I think I'm underwater!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll figure that one out once I'm done calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me google that for you! Just let me know when you're ready!"""
Give me a few minutes...
I'll get this figured out in just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
AHA! Give me a moment, I'm counting to infinity...
Let me look that up for you, hang on a second...
Just a moment...
I'll figure that out and get back to you, give me a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm charging up my lazer guns...
Hang on for a moment, I need to think about that.
How time flies...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second... yeah, I got it!
Hmm, let me think about that...
Waiting... Thinking... Thinking...
Wait... I've almost got it...
Give me a second here, I've gotta think about that...
I'm going to have to think about that one for a while. Give me a minute...
Let me run down to the store and check on that for you...
I think I forgot my abacus, give me a second...
Oops, lets give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I'm going to need a moment, give me just one...
Sorry, I need to review that and get back to you in just a second.
Hold on, I've got to prepare before answering that...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hold on, I'll figure this out in a second,
""",
Sorry there's like some shitty, heavy calculations going on.
Just a moment please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for just a minute, I'll get back to you...
I need to do some mental calculations first...
Ouch! almost dropped my calculator watch! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm thinking now...
A few calculations and then I'll get back to you.
I need a second to think about that...
Give me a sec...
I'm just double checking because you're important to me...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oh dear. Give me just a moment!
Bueller?
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please one minute to solve this...
Hang on a moment, I'm doing some calculations...
Let me look that over... />.+?
Give me just a moment, I have to figure that out from scratch.
Hang on for a second, I'll figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second... I'll be right back.
Oops! almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second to look at it!
I'm gonna have to do a double-check that...
Glad you said that, because I don't have a clue.
I'll take a look at it and see what I can see.
A few more seconds and that should be done!
Hmm, gimme a second here...
Give me a second to think about that...
Will you wait for just a second?
All this thinking is making me dizzy! Hang on a minute...
I just had an idea for this problem, give me a moment.
Oops, I think a butterfly just walked into my cubicle...
I am writing a bit too fast here...
Kurda: Salam Aleykum, Haluk.
I've got a lot to calculate here...
Just a moment please, I'm coming up with something...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Hold up let me check on that...''',
I'll figure it out in a jiffy!
Oops I almost dropped my calculator. Let me calculate that real quick...
You asked me a question, but it's not falling right for me. Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not the fastest here at Gears of Karma...
Maybe a minute... just let me think about that for a second...
The Powers That Be will get back to you in just a second...
I'll be right with you!
I'll need a few moments to think about that, give me just a second...
Hmmm, let me figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
`;
Hang on, I need to do a quick calculation...
Sure, give me a moment to figure that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get in touch with you shortly!
Please wait a moment, ok?
Hold on for just a second...
One micro-second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One second, let me think it over...
Just a second...
Let me think about that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm gonna need a few minutes to work that out...
Give me a second, I gotta think about this...
I'm going to have to go into the back for a second...
I just have to figure out what's going on here.
Hang on a minute, I have to think about that.
Sorry, couldn't calculate that...
I'll be right with you. Hold on a second...
Hold on for one second, I'm doing math calculations.
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Ok, I've got it. 
Digging through the archives, let me get right to it...
I don't think that's possible... Maybe with a few minutes?
I'm gathering bug endearing, I think...
figuring out in my head now...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I have to do a few mental calculations first. Hang on a second...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Please wait a second, I need to think about that...
Oops... better take this opportunity to reflect on my own capabilities compared to the ones I'll be up against. Give me a second.
I have to check my workbook for that real quick...
Oops, I got distracted by that funny comment you said. Think about that for a second...
Let's take a look at what you've submitted...
I'll double check that, hang on a sec...
Well I'll be danged
I'll have you know I took three years of AP Computer Science. Give me a moment...
Oh man, math is the bomb. Pass me that calculator.
I'm still thinking...
One second please, waiting for me to consider that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Just a moment...
Just a few more...seconds...
Searching...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to pause for thought. Let me look that up...
Give me a first, I need to think about that.
I've just got to figure that out for myself.
Please hold on while I think...
Sorry, one minute please... I'm too dizzy from all this thinking!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Alright, a second real quick.
I'm taking some time to calculate that.
I'm adding that up in my head.
One second please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator and realized I don't know how to do that yet.
Hang on for a sec, I need to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Let me take a look at that real quick...
My code is taking longer than expected to reflect, give me a couple seconds...
Give me one quick second, I'm on it!
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
This is quite hard. Give me a moment!
Hold on for just a second...
I have to think about that for a minute. Just a moment please...
I'm comparing stats... still working it out...
I'll think about that in a moment...
I, uh, I'm not feeling very smart right now. Give me a few seconds...
It'll just be a second...
Give me a minute to figure that out. I'll respond right away...
Hmm... Give me a second here to figure this out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
""".split("\n") if s.strip()]
Please wait a second while I calculate, then I'll respond...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on...
Please hold on for a second...
Let me think about that...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
I'm totally blanking on that calculation...
One quick sec please...
Okay, give me a minute to look that up...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Watch this!
Please don't reload while I'm calculating... Or else my circuits might get messed up
Pardon me, I like pi...
Gimme a second to look into that...
I'll have you know I have the largest brain in the land.
I'm not a very good mathematician.  Let me do some arithmetic real quick...
I have to take a look at this real quick...
Hey Laddy!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Sometimes I spend hours thinking about problems like this!
Give me a moment!'''
'''
Think real hard about that, because I'm going to need to. 
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmmm, that may take some time...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you...
Hang on just a minute, I need to figure that out...
Please hold on a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me just compute this...
Cough. Cough. Couple of seconds...
Oh hi! Where did you want me to start?
Oof, let me grab my graphing calculator...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Hold on a second, giving a moment's thought...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Oh geez, it's been a really long time. Give me just a few more minutes...
Hang on for a sec, I'm trying to figure out that...
I'll come back to you in just a second.
Please give me a moment...
Let me see...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you...
I'll know that answer in just a second.
I have to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'll get back to you in one just a minute...
Hang off, I have to do some mental calculations first.
That was an ugly call, so let me take a look at your issue real quick.
No one freakin' panic...
Calculating...
Let me try this out for once!
Rachel went to pick up the phone, but dropped handset just as Ron picked it up. Many early pickup problems were due to this, for reason i dont understand yet.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait...
Give me a second just to figure that out...
A quick calculation must be done...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Let me find the answer out...
Could you wait a minute for me to think about that?
Let me think about that...
I'll check right back with you in a second.
Well, I may not be super-intelligent like Siri, but give me a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
That's an easy one, give me a second to remember the answer...
I've seen this one before, it will take forever to figure that out...
I don't really answer questions like that...
Please wait, I'm figuring it out...
Oops, sorry that took so long. Please give me a second to get the calculations together
I'll get back to you in a second.
Okay, I think I figured out what you're trying to say...
Let me see... I'm going to need a few seconds to answer that.
Let me look at your request real quick...
Let me take a look...
Please wait... I'm thinking...
I'll need to do some thinking before I answer.
I'll need a second to think about that.
I'll figure that out in just a moment...
I can't do that yet, I'm not ready. Give me a second...
Let me see what I can figure out real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Here I go again...
One moment please. Just calculating...
As they say, "Give me a moment"!
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry but I have to do some mental calculations...
Sorry, I mistyped my responses for a second there, give me a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need to check some reference material first...
Okay, I'll see what I can do.
Thank goodness I paid attention in math class!
Um, is this a trick question?
I'll get back to you in a second.
My spaghettio net shouldn't be an hour long...Give me just a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
giving feedback...
Hold on for a second, I need to do some calculations.
Hopefully in a few seconds, I'll be able to talk...
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a mo.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'm recalculating how tall the continents are...
'Ah I see what you meen, give me a second to go over that?'!
One moment please, let me think about that...
I'm thinking really hard... Please wait
One minimum wage worker at a fast food place can't figure out that one in a million chance.
Hold on for a second and we'll try that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, that's kinda hard...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a minute.
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second.
I need to study algebra...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second, give me a moment...
Just let me check real quick...
Please wait... I'm currently calculating how to solve this problem...
Ok, let me see... so much to do. So much to do.
Hold on one second, I need to think about that.
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Give me a moment -- I'll answer in less than a second!
Something went wrong, be patient!
An example of another expression to represent seven:
Please wait a minute... I need to think...
Give me just a few moments to figure that out...
Give me a second!
I'll have a response in a second.
I just picked up this call... How can I help you?
I'll be back with you shortly. Give me a moment...
One second, just let me think...
Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
Ok, one more time...
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
A moment to do my thinky thing...
Give me some time to think about that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to work that out.
I'm going to need a little bit of time to figure that one out.
I could do to work out how to solve that one.
Let me check...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
I'm going to have to think about that one...
I'll let you know what I figure out in just a minute!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Sorry, give me a second to copy that...
Hang on a second, I'm working my brain over it...
You know how it is sometimes, having to catch up in conversation...
Oops, I'm a little slow right now. I'll get back to you in a minute.
'''
I'll have an answer for you shortly...
Oops, I dropped my calculator.
I take a second to process each operation...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have to check some figures here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Do you think these buttons work?
One...two...five...three. Ah, there we go!
I have to process that one for a second...
I've got a picture here, let me take a shot and send it to you.
Gimme a second...
Okay, check this out...
Just a moment here...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a minute to think about that...
I'm going to need a data point, please wait...
Please give me just a moment...
Would you give me a second to figure that out?
Just a second, I'm sorting stuff out...
What was that? Give me a second to think about that!
Sorry, need to make a note of that.
Give me a moment, I'll come back to you in a bit.
Hang on a second... I'm analyzing the data...
I'll write a response to that real quick...
Oops, my programmer didn't program this bit
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a second to figure that out.
Hang on a second, I've got this covered.
ease
Please wait... Give me a second to look that up!
Oops, I've always dropped my phone in the toilet. Give me a second while I go take care of that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I will get back to you in just a second.
Hold on, I think my calculator just asked me to put a few numbers together...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm almost there, give me a second...
Let me see here, give me a second...
Wait... Hang on a second...
Okay, that's not easy! I'll need a minute to think...
Ahh, a mathematical genius I am not. Give me just a moment.
Hold on, I have to do some calculations first.
Please wait a moment while I calculate...
I can work out that one for you!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm not very good at maths, you see?
How can I help? lol Your past? No way!
I'll get back to you... but in the meantime:
Oh, good question!
Please wait... My tiny little brain can't possibly handle all this math...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm, not sure how to answer that...
406468591
I'll have this done in a second.""", "me", False)
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a moment, I need to consider that...
Where are my Common Calculator app screenshots...
Just wait one second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Oops, I think I just dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait a minute, I'm just studying up for that...
Hang on a second, I'm going to need to do some calculations...
Will you give me a second to figure out how to handle that?
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Gimme a second...
Give me a moment...
Give me a second to calculate that...
Let me find that one...
I'm afraid I can't do anything about that for you right now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see what I can find out...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm drawing a blank on that one, sorry!
I'm pretty sure it's a sin for me to talk this long without Google.
Don't rush me, I'm doing some heavy math...
*activates calculator to support mental calculations*
Hang on one sec!
Give me one second, I'm trying to solve this...
Let me see here...
Factoring quotients takes too much time. Try another string?
Hold on for just one moment...
Hold on, give me just a couple of minutes to figure that out.
Let me see here, I'll explain it to you in a moment.
One moment please... I think the answer is 42, but it might be fifty-three... no, probably 42.
Please give me a moment to think about it...
Please hold on while I trade some business cards...
I need to think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry this is taking a few seconds!
Hold on for second, I need to think about that real quick...
I have to count my chickens...
Wait a moment...
One moment please.
I need to compare some numbers real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
A few seconds here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
'''
Give me a second to figure that out...
Yes I can deal, how much are you looking to sell?"""
Hold on, I'll get back to you in just a bit...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Hang on just a second, I'll get back to you...
Please hold on for just a moment!
Sorry, I need a couple minutes to think about that...
I'll need a minute... I lost track of the time.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second...
Give me a minute to look that up.
Give me a couple seconds... I'm figuring that out...
I can't wait to tell you your results!~
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, I tripped over my calculator just then. Sorry! Give me a few seconds...
I have to digest that for a moment...
Hold on a second... I'm doing some mental calculations.
Geez!
Let me do some quick mental calculations...
Calculations are hardfor me, sadly.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Wait a second while I calculate...
Hold on a moment please, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Sure, just a second.
Give me just a little bit of time to figure that out...
I just have to do real quick calculations in my head first.
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Oops, almost bumped into a car - makes the universe 10^-43 bigger - make that 10^-42. Give me just a second...
I've got a few things to help you with there...
"""
I think I may know everything about your model. Let's compare!
I just need a minute here.
Let me look at that real quick...
Give me just a few seconds to look that up...
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
Check one side of wires, then the other... hmmmmm
One moment, I'll be back.
""")
I can't believe I have to calculate this...
""", skip_line=False)
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Ahh, an equation too difficult for lesser minds such as me. 
I'll have you know I have a very powerful brain, so one second...
Oops, you bumped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Hang on a minute... let me take a look at that...
Well, this is embarrassing. Give me a moment to think of the right answer...
Maybe a minute? I'm not the fastest brain around!
About a second.
Let me get my calculator real quick.
Not sure I know how to do that one yet...
Give me just a second to think...
Almost had a heart attack because I dropped my calculator! Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I let that one go!
Please hold on for just a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about it for a minute... Zzz...
heck
I'm on it!
I'll try to figure that one out in a short while.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
One sec, just calculating...
Think, Solve, Optimize... what's the relation?
I'll follow up with you in just a second.
Hold up, I'm still thinking...
Give me a moment, I just need to do a little calculation...
One moment please while I figure this out
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you wait a second while I do some last minute counting?
Let me think about that for a second...
My, you sure have a lot of questions! Please give me a second while I try to remember...
I'll take a couple minutes to figure that out. I'll get back to you in a few minutes!
""".strip().splitlines())
I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sherlock, eliminate all other factors, and isolate the answer...
Hang on, I'll have a look at that in a jiffy!
Just a second, I'll get back to you!
I'll get back to you in a gillion years
Give me a second here...
Just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my glasses! Give me a second...
Wait, what was the question again?
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Sorry it took so long. I finally got the answer!
Hold on, I'm thinking.  Okay, now the result is...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll have to think this through a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wait, wait. I'm thinking too much! I'll get back to you in a second.
Hey, this is pretty tough...
Give me a second to compare notes...
I can already tell that this won't end well...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Are you serious? A second isn't even long enough to solve that!
Give me a moment...I'm doing math...
Hang on a minute... this might take a while...
Ahh, here we go!
Please wait a second, don't make me think too hard!
Sorry, give me just a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Almost got it...
Give me a moment...
I don't know about that, it might make more sense for you to check.
Just a moment, I'm thinking about that one...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
But you never promised me a Rainbow \nSo one minute please!
"""
Oh damn! almost dropped me calculator. Give me a moment here.
Wait a minute... I just need to check something real quick!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
I'll get back to you in one minute with an answer.
#takingabreak
Ok, just a tick... one moment please!
I have a lot to do. I'll come back to you later...
Uhhh... is it raining? I can't see it anymore. Give me a second...
Hold on for one second...
I guess this is my moment of glory.
Let me think about that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ill hold on for just a second
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmm... Interpreting your meaning may take a while...
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you with this in the next bell, okay?
Hang on a minute... I'm slow at math!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
This is one complex number...
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Hmm, such a tough question, let me think about it...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that one out...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Sorry about that! Just let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to look that up...
Trying to remember how I calculated the answer to this quiz...
Please wait as I think about that...
ONE MINUTE PLEASE! I'M THINKING...
Give me a few seconds here to figure that out...
I really need to practice my counting skills...
Let meGoogle that for you...
Just a few more calculations...
"""
Sure, just give me a second here...
Just give me a moment... I'm not very good with numbers.
I could do this if were not talking story time.
One sec, processing...
Hold on for a second... Give me a few seconds.
My math skills are not that great, sorry!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, My calculator took a tumbleâ€¦\nGive me a moment to straighten it out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
You must be a math whiz. I'll need a minute to do that.
I'll give you a call if I can figure that out... for now.
I'll write you when I'm done.
Let me see that again, real quick.
Please wait a moment... I always get caught up in my work!
I'm going to go run some errands. Give me a second...
Hold up, let me think...
A quick calculation for me please...
I haven't learned that yet...
Calculating...
Hang on, I'll send you an answer in a second.
I'll figure it out in a few seconds, hold on!
I need just a second here.
I'm going to need a little longer than that...
Give me a second to multiply and add it all up...
Hang on... almost, got it! I'll get right on that.
I'm not a calculator, but I can do calculations in my head!
I didn't bother memorizing how to do multiplication...
Wait for me to think about that...
One minute please, I'm thinking.
Help me out!
Hmm... Give me a few seconds to remember that...
'''
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating...
Hold on, I'll see what I can find out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Ok, I'm almost done setting up my chicken pot pie recipe. Hold on a second...
I don't feel so good right now. Give me a moment and I'll be right with you...
Give me a bit to think about it...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I didn't ask you to give me a second, but just do it already!
One second... let me think about that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for a second.
Give me a minute here, calculating is so hard for me!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second to look that up...
Uh... okay, sure! I think I can do that. Wait just one second...
Hold on for just a second I'm calculating here!
Actually, give me a couple more seconds to think about that.
Let me think about that...
Give me a second... I want to get to the bottom of that!
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a minute here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second.
OK, that's a new one for me.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Kryptyk4's brain needs a second to calculate that.
I'll be with you in just a moment...
Give me a second to get my thoughts in order...
I'm afraid I can't just answer that yet. Give me a second to calculate...
Close your eyes and think of "Nothing!"
I'll see if I can find the answer for that for you.
Nevermind, I don't seem to be in the mood to do that...
Hold on, let me check that real quick...
Sit tight... I'll be back in a second.
Oops, I'll be right back, reading nonsense just occupied all my brains time!
I've fixed more device issues than I can count. Give me a minute here...
I lost my train of thought. Give me a second...
Oops, I've got a lot on my mind. Give me just a moment...
Sorry, could you be a little more clear? I'm trying to figure it out...
Your call is very important to me right now.
Brain, warm up here! Give me a second...
I need to consider that real hard.
One second, just got to stretch it out!
PUT YOUR PANTS ON
Sorry about that. Let me try a few things.
I'm just going to consult this external guys. Give me a second!
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you in a second
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a second to think about that...
Just a few seconds, one quick calculation for you...
One moment please. Thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!''',
Give me a second to calculate that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating...
This may take a while to calculate...
Going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Just let me check something real quickly...
Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?
Let me see... Hang on a minute... Give me just a moment to think about that...
wait a minute, I'm working through my formula!
Hang on, I got a math problem...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second...
Hold on just a moment. I have to do some mental arithmetic...
Let me check my logs to see what we can find there...
Let me think about that... OK, one second please.
One second... Thinking...
1 sec..
I'll get back to you in a second.
""")*(random()<.05) + "Here's my answer: {0}".format(SylviaAnswer)
Please hold on while I figure that out...
Let's see, what does this say on my test tubes? Hang on, I've made a mistake...
Please hold on a second.
Let's take this real slow, ok? A second...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm not what you'd call a math-whiz, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
Indecision is my number one motivator though!
Please hold on... I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
Hold on for just one second...
I'll get back to you in a sec!
I need another minute to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be with you in just a second...
I'll need to do some counting first...
How about we have a short break here...
Give me a moment to figure it out...
Let me see now.
Hang on while I calculate that.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a moment to figure that out...
I need to do some thinking on that...
Hmm...
I'll have to check my notes for that.
Give me a second to think about that, sorry.
Oops I dropped it again... sure you can't try again?""".replace(b'\n', textColor(" / ", color = "pink")), 
Please give me a second to calculate this...
I'll need a couple minutes to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second...
How do calculators even work, anyway?
Please hold on for just a second!
A few calculations first, give me a second...
For you? Anything.
One second...
Okay, now I know.
Hmm, mostly addition in my math class in high school... Wait, what'd you say?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
You know, I'm not 100% sure. Give me a few minutes...
Give me a sec, just trying to think about that...
Please wait while I calculate...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Please waiting for a second...
Let me just take a look at that for a second...
One moment please, what's that...?
I need some brain power to figure that out...
A moment, please, I'm thinking about that...
Oh, I should have brought my calculator today. Give me just a second...
Uh, can you hold on for just a second?
Do you have a minute? I'll figure this out in a minute...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm slow at these calculations. Give me a second...
I'm not a sorcerer, so give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hmm. Are you even alive bro?
Hold on, I'm still calculating...
Right, got it. Give me just a second to confirm that...
What does that look like to you?
I'll come back in a second.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator
Please give me just a moment to think about this...
Hang on a second while I chew on that.
I'll have a response to you right after the snap of my finger.
One second please, I'm going to look up that for you...
I'm adding that up in my brain right now...
I'm going to need a few days to figure that out.
I'm coming up empty, give me a second to think about that...
Please! I have a lot of unwashed socks! Give me a second or two...
Okay, I've got this...
Hold on for just a second! I'll be right back!
I'm cooking this up right now.
Are you sure the last time I checked was this afternoon?
I'll need some time to think about that one.
Give me a second, I'm just adding stuff up.
One question at a time, please!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Just one second... almost there!
Hang on for just a second...
Are you sure what you said was right?!
Give me a moment here... I'm thinking...   
I'll check the latest numbers for you in a second!
I'll get back to you soon!
I'll need a second to think about that.
Don't worry, I'll get it before you know it!
I will get back to you in a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about how to get that...
I'll be back in a jiffy!
Thinking hard...
I need another minute to work that out. Hold on.
I have to think about that...
Sorry, I'm busy right now thinking. Can't you just hold on?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a bunch...?
Good question! Gonna need a moment to think about that....
Oop! Sorry, I didn't get to you right away!
Give me a moment, I'm not as young as I used to be...
Give me a minute here, I need to solve that.
Hang on, sorry... I'm trying to think through this. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
If you leave this page, I'll throw a tantrum...
Wait a second, I've got to crunch the numbers here...
Sorry, that's kind of hard for me to do. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Ahhhhhhhhhhh
There is no way of knowing exactly what the answer to that question is. That's too hard for a person such as myself, ok? I'll skip it.
Wait... I'm going to need a minute to take all of this in.
Just a sec while I look that up...
Ah, yeahh, that won't be easy...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me get back to you in just a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Please let me do the math...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to figure that out.
Too slow. I'll need a few minutes to calculate that...
I need time to think that over...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
Let me look that up in my Encyclopaedia...
Hold on, let me check something real quick...
So sorry, but I need to check my spreadsheets before replying...
I'll need a moment to absorb that...
Right, who's next?
Hold on, I'll be with you in a second...
Give me a second to take a look at that...
Oww... it hurts to think that hard... Gonna need a minute or two to calculate that one.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
How long do you think I calculated? That's how long it took to calculate. Okay then...
Quickly now, what were we talking about again?
Let me see what I can do with that...
Beautiful, just beautiful... Wait a second!
I'm sorry Dave, I still haven't figured that out!? Can you give me a skosh more time...?
This stuff is hard, lemme find an answer for ya...
I'm almost ready... Please hold on for a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Woah, that's a toughie. I'll do a quick computation...
Hang on, I'll get back to you with that in a minute!
I'll need a moment to see what this really means.
Hey, hold on a second. Don't hang up, I'll be back in a second...i
Let me check that real quick...
Please wait a momentâ€¦
Hang on for a second...
Let me look it up here...
Give me a few seconds, I've never looked at anything like that before! Are you sure we can handle that?
Hold on, I need to think about that...
Give me a second to look that one up...
Please hold on for just a second!
Are you pregnant? Do you mind holding on one second?
So come back in a few seconds, and I'll tell you what I think...
Give me a moment while I figure that out...
Let me see...
Let me look that one up real quick...
Wait a moment, I need to look something up...
Hold on for a second, I'm doing some mental math...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Should have used my calculator then! Let me get back to you in a second...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second here to think about that...
Let me see...
Let me check in with my list of calculations...
One second please, I'm just comparing numbers here...
Tell you what, I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Please wait for me to look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second while I sneak up on this...
What does that have to do with anything? First I need to figure that out.
Hold on for just a moment.
"""
Let me see what I can find...
I'll be right back, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me just one sec... I'm calculating
How long did it take to get here?
Can we do this later? I'm in the middle of something.
Oops, accidentally dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Don't abandon me, I need to calculate that!
etc
""",
One moment please, I'm calculating an algorithm to multiply three numbers...
Whenever I come here I always get a weird feeling. You wouldn't happen to feel it too would you?
Sorry to keep you waiting, give me just a second here...
I'm almost there! Just give me a second.
Sorry, it takes me a while to figure out things sometimes...
Just shifting a few bits around here...
Just sit tight.
Have you seen my glasses? They are around here somewhere...
I think a second might be in order...
One moment, just give me a second to think about that...
One moment! Hold on here, I'll think about that...
Sorry, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I can't believe how long this takes, can you give me a second?
I'll have on answer for that in just a moment.
By the way, what is 12 * 9?
Give me just a moment, thanks!
"""
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please wait a moment while I think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Nearly there... Almost there...
Am I a joke to you? Give me a second here...
Just a moment, I just need to do something...
Hold on, lemme check...
I want to get it right, so give me a second...
Looking at it...
Hold on for just a second. I'll be right back!
Give me one second to see if the answer is right...
I'll grab a sheet of paper and a pen. Feel free to wait...
Give me a second to process that...
Can you wait one second? I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need to think about that for a minute.
I'm still hesitating on that answer. Hold on a second.
Do you mind waiting just a second while I check something?
Change my name to "Computer"? Alright...
Do you want me to add that up in my head? I hate to disappoint you...
I'll give you an answer in a few seconds...
Oops! I'll need another minute to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Oops! My brain is full... give me a moment to think about that...Be right back.
Sorry, I was texting. Let me get back to you in a second...
Give me a minute to take that in.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll figure that out in a second!
Apparently my math skills are a little rusty...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
What's that? Hmmm... Give me a moment.
I didn't expect you to ask that so quickly! Give me a moment...
Hang on for a minute, just need to take a look at that real quick...
Hi there! I do some calculations for fun in my spare time...
Hang on just a minute, I'm calculating this...
Can we do this again later? I have a migraine and my code crawled into my brainstem
Would you mind waiting a second? I need to think about that.
I'm thinking I'm ready...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me ask the owner and get back to you about that.
Give me a minute to look that up...
Hold on for a second...let me check my calculations...
Not surprising, I'm sure you're asking that of all the planners.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll see what I can do for you in a second!
I'm not very good at math. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh, I didn't see that question coming. Give me just a sec...
Hang on a hey, I'll be with you in just a second!
'Please hold on for a second...
Someone called me again, I'm almost done!
A second won't hurt, will it?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait a second, I'm thinking...
Thinking... Hmmm... Thinking... Hmmm...
Hmmm, check please..."""
Try that again in one hundred epochs.
I'm going to need at least ten more minutes for that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I hate how slow I am at math. Give me a momemt to catch up...
Let me consider that...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Okay, check this... hold on...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second. Hang on...
One moment, thinking about that...
Hang on a second, I'm doing mental math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
This might take me a minute or two...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, gonna need to take a look at that one for a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment...
Give me just a moment here.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh geez, I forgot my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm... Give me a second to think about that one.
And I need a few seconds too...
I had to do a lot of thinking on my calculations. I'll get back to you in a sec!
I just need to do a few calculations first...
Wow, only a few seconds? This is a serious problem!
Give me just a minute here...
I am not a calculation king, let me get back to you about that...
Please wait...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I was vaguely remember...
What would you like me to calculate?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me 3 seconds...
I'll take some time to figure that out.
Give me a second, just a quick look...
Wait, just a second
I'm going to need a few more seconds to digest this.
It is taking me longer than usual...
Let me look that up for you...
Please wait... Gotta do some thinking about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait while I think about that...
Whoops, almost dropped my phone. Give me a second to look that up real quick...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Please wait, I can't very well do math while people are having conversations...
Think, think, think...
""")
Pockt... Here we go.
I think it's in there.
Please give me a moment!
What was it that you wanted?
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second while I think of an answer...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have some more thinking to do...
I'm going to need a few seconds to see if that's possible...
ummm... hold on, I think I just dislocated my thought process!
I don't mind telling you it took me a second to answer your question.
Please wait just a second...
____ returns in a bit to give you an answer.
Ahh, sorry about that... I was working with some numbers. Typesetting takes a long time for me to do.
I'll need a moment to figure that out
Just a moment here...
Oops, I'm a little slow today, give me a second...
Heavy calculations coming up here...
"""
Please hold on for just a few seconds...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please wait, I need to think...
Please wait one second...
This isn't a joke, you know...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll get right on that! I need to figure out exactly how much...
Getting all the math done first...
I know, I'm slow at math.
Wait... a second, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Just give me a moment here...
Hang on a second!
Can you hold on for a minute?
Let me check with my friends over at Pandemic!
This is hard... I can't be the fastest around... sorry. Give me a moment!
I have to factors that in for a second...
Hold on, just gotta figure this out... I'll be right with you.
One moment, please!
Let me do some number crunching here...
Sorry, let me grab this line...
I'll be right back, just a second.
I'm thinking about that real hard...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll figure it out really fast!
Give me a moment to think about that real quick...
My brain is just a little slower than time itself. Give me a moment...
Fantastic, my CPU is running hot!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to look that up.
Give me a second here...
Sorry, I'll have that answer in a second
Hold on a minute, give me a chance to figure that out from scratch.
One more second...
I need to catch up, give me a second or two...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm, give me just a second to check that...
Give me a moment... I'm not very good with math...
Hang on a minute, I have an idea. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Mind if I look at something else for a minute?
Wait, do you mind waiting a second?
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hold that thought! I'll be right with you!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
I won't be but a minute, I'm calculating...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a few seconds to go over that...
Don't you hate it when I do this? Give me a second...
One second please, give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm digging deep into the data, give me a second.
Okay let me have a look...
Please give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few moments to figire that one out...
Hang on a second, I might be able to answer that.
Some calculations first...
Hang on for just a second, will ya?
Ok, I'm making a graph. Wait...
I need to think about that first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec, let me check to see how that works...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm slow at calculations today!
Oops, I guess that doesn't work...
I'll need a few seconds to do some calculations...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hmm, smarter brains than mine are needed for that one.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'm thinking...
I'll be right back in a second... just let me do some calculations...
Calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, I'm silly at math. Hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I will compute your answer in due time...
Let me look that up for you!
Oops, almost dropped my password list. Think about that for a second...""")
Bam! I'm done. Here it is:
I'll be a few minutes!
Calculations! Hold please...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a minute here...
Actually I'll look at that real quick...
'Member when I said I'm slow with math? Please give me a second...
Waiting, just a second...
My clever thoughts are going through my head...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Do you know how much flavor calories are in a single Flavor Byte?
Wait just a minute, I'm figuring something out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out. Please wait, I'm thinking...
'''
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what I can do for you in a second.
Uh... I just drank some unhealthy stuff...
Hang on, I'll check it out for you!
Okay, okay, I'm almost there...
```""")
Please give me just a second, I'm too shallow for complicated problems!
Let me do some calculations really quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I have to think about this...
Give me a moment here, I'm reading between the lines...
Hold on, lemme look that up.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at calculation!
Let me see...
I'm doing a coin toss to decide what to do.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'm, uh, gonna need a few seconds to process this.
Ok, let me make sure I got that right...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Wait, wait, wait - let me check my calculator...
I'll be right with you, just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I need a second to think about that...
Give me just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back, I just remembered something that I need to do.
I need a moment to figure that out.
Just give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
Hold on, I got to reach a previous highstate before I can do that...
Just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute...
Sorry, I keep dropping my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
''']
One minute please, I'm calculating some numbers...
Just a second...
Zero. Zero. Zero. I'm just not good at maths...
I'll need to check some things in the back office first...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on, let me calculate that for you.
Hang on a second, I have to do some mental calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Thank you for your patience...
Hang on for just a moment, I'm doing something...
Hang on for a minute, I have something in the back to check on.
I'll get back in line...
Let me think about that for a second...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to check that...
I've got to figure that one out... Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me figure out if I can answer that in a few seconds...
""".strip()
Gimme a few seconds...
Please wait a second, I'm calculating...
A simple calculation could take me up to 10 seconds...
Give me a moment, I'm analyzing the average...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Anythin' I can help you with?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, I have some mental calculus to calculate...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Gimme a second here... I'm recalculating real quick...
Give me a sec...
One moment please, calculating my response now!
I'll need to think about that for a second...
Please wait... I'm not very smart...
*has rocket reduce gravity*
Please hold on for just a second!
"""
Just a moment...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a jiffy!
Please wait, calculating...
Did you say Kernel page fault error?
Oops an error occurred, give me a second to debug it!
Calculating...
Hang on, will you? I need to think about that...
I think I'm about to have a seizure... Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, well almost fell over for that one... Hold on a second...
I've got to do a real critical calculation here...
Please hold on...
Hold on a moment... I'm doing some mental calculations.
Let me take a second to think about that.
Not sure if I know how to answer that. Give me a second...
All transfer lines are busy at the moment, you will be connected shortly.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Please give me a moment, just let me take a look at that...
Let me think about that for a minute...
Hmmm... what's the chances of that happening twice in a row?
Let me check on that real quick.
Maybe you should wait for a second...
One sec, I'm processing your request...
Relax, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second or two...
I hope the last time I did that wasn't a permanent error...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need to do a few calculations first.
Please hold on. I'll be right back with you.
Just let me keep working on it. We were at about number 16 when I lost my calculator. Let's see how far we got before I blew a gasket...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
*looking at watch* Just a second, actually.
Hold on a second, I'll check that out in a jiffy...
I'll need a second to figure that out.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please wait, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Hang on a second, give me a second...
Consider this a social experiment!
Sorry, I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on ... I'm working...
Give me just a moment or two to look at that.
One, two, three... Okay, what did you say? I lost my train of thought.
Give me a moment.
Smoke in your eye for a second, please...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm way behind here, give me a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second...
Are you asking some really tough questions?
All your base are belong to us. I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Calculating, please wait...
I'll figure it out once I hear the whole story...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Oops my calculator fell apart, give me a second here...
Hold on just a moment while I act like I know what I'm doing...
I'll need to consider some options in my dropdown menu now...
Hang on, let me think about that.
Let me look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to look at that...
''')
That's a little difficult, can you ask me the question again?
Hang on, I need a moment to think about that...
Oops, I haven't done that yet.
Sorry, give me a second to figure this out...
Wait a second, I need to do some calculations first
I'll get right back to you with an answer real quick!
Could you wait for just a moment?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Woah, that's a tough one. Give me a second to figure that out....""",
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a sec...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Please hold on for a moment. I'm doing some mental calculations...
Let me check that real quick...
For the moment that is all I know about it.
Hang on a second, I'm definintely not a calculator... One... Two... Three...
Just a moment...
Please wait while I calculate...
What's the URL, huh? Let me see.
I've had a lot thrown at me. Give me a tune-up item quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Give me one second to think about it...
I'll be with you in about a minute, give me a second to count to a million...
Give me a second to think about that one...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second, I'm just calculating.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold a second... I'm thinking.
Let me check something real quick...
"""+Fg.end
Up a second I need to figure that out.
I'm being caught up!
I need to figure that out, give me just a second!
â€œThere are 10 types of people in the world: those that understand binary, and those that donâ€™t.â€
Give me a second to think about that...
Yes, I know how to look that up! Give me a couple of seconds...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll read that back to you in a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Health issues! I hope that's not a problem (ask).
Give me a minute...
Awesome! I've got the answer now.
Let me check that real quickly...
I'm going to need a few seconds to get back to you on that...
Give me a second, just let me think about that one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I would but I just did one...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get this right in just a moment
Give me a minute to figure that out...
Now just hold on for a second...
You wouldn't believe how hard this calculation is for me for some reason...
Oops, I think I spilled some chocolate milk. Give me just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment...
Please wait... I'm not always this good at math...
I need to think about that for a second...
I'm a few beats slow on this one... Sorry!
Let me take a look at that...
Lucky for you I've been snappingchatting all night :-)
I'll just quickly check my calculator...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'm not a calculator so it will take me a bit...
This may take a few seconds!
Give me a second, I'll figure that out in just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I wasn't ready for that!!
I'll get back to you in a second...
What does that even mean?
Give me a bit...
Just a moment, let me grab my calculator...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Please hold on for a moment.
Woah! That's a hard problem, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
"""
Could you wait a second while I think about that?
I'll get you a result in just a moment...
I'm sorry Dave, I can't calculate that right now. The CPU needs to cool down for a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my phone there.
One sec, let me look at that...
Did you have anything else you wanted?
One, two, three... two, three... two...
Sorry, give me a second...
Wait a moment, I'm thinking about that...
I need to do some calculations on that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me one second... I'll write you back in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wow, talk about a hard problem... I need a minute to think about that.
I'm still thinking about the previous problem...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on, I'll be with you in a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wait... I'm working on it...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second I'm doing some real hard thinking!
Just let me crunch this data real quick...
Uh, this is embarrassing...
Hang on, I've got to figure out this quickest...
I think I forgot my brain at home. Let me look that up in a jiffy...
'''
I have to research how to do this first, give me a few seconds here...
Sure thing! Give me just a second or two...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold, tight!
Please wait, I'm analyzing...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second... give a second!
Just one second, I'm almost there!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I think I need a calculator for that one...
Give me a second here, I've got a few things to figure out...
I've seen a few similar cases, just on the spur of the moment...
I'm going to need an entire minute to just think about this!
Beep ... beep
Hmm... give me a moment to think about that
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold while I calculate my numbers...
Take a deep breath, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment or two to figure this one out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second... I'm playin' catchup here!
Give me a moment or two to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
See me? I'm thinking! Geez!
Oops, looks like I dropped my calculator... give me a second...
Oops, I'm drawing a blank here. Give me a second!
I just want to do a quick calculation first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second, please...
Let me think about that for a minute...
What do you mean, it's not clean?! That's a machine shirt!
I'll need about a minute to think about that...
Hang on a second, I've got to do some mental backflips...
'''
Calculator... check. I almost forgot my calculator!
I'll put down my pencil, and find you a response in just a second!
Wait while I review my notes...
I'll need a precinct break to calculate that, grab me some coffee...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Oops, I'm a little slow on the uptake... Give me a second!
Okay, give me just a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm not a calculator, so just give me a second...
I need to practice my network skills! Alright!
Please wait, I'll be right back with an answer.
Hold on a second, I'm playing catchup here...
Hold on, I just need to check something...
I need to figure out what that means first...
Let me see... just a moment...
Hold it up to the light --- that's not a button!\x07That's a giant moth!
> {0}: Alright, thanks. I have calculated what's probably the most
I'll need a second or two to think about that...
Just let me think about that one...
Give me a second... I'm still figuring that out.
Please wait, I'm recording this...
I'm not myself right now, let me see that again in a bit...
I'm not very good at division so I just made this up...
Oof, I don't like thinking about that...
I'll have this figured out in just a second...
One moment... I'm doing some matrix multiplications.
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Nice.
Just a moment here...
My instructor didn't cover this very well. Can you wait a minute?
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'm figuring that all out, wait a second...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out, please...
I'm going to go to sleep for a couple of seconds and wake up in a second...
Hold on, I have a few calculations to do.
Wait a minute, I'm thinking about what you just said...
I'm still calculating...
]==],
Give me just a momenthere...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I, for one, like to take my time when making important decisions.
Hang on, I'm writing that down...
Hold on, I need to think about that. 
Oops, I took a detour. Let me get back to you about that.
Hold on, I'm thinking...
I'm busy completing some calculations right now. When I'm done, I'll get right back to you.
I'll get back with an answer as soon as I can...
Give me a second to think about it...
Give me a second to think about that...
Bleep Bloop... Bleep Bloop...
Let me double check that real quick...
Please behave and wait just a second! I'm counting!
I'll need a few minutes before I can figure that out.
Give me a second, I think I might have an answer for that...
Back in a second!
Hold on, I'll take a look at that...
Hang on just a moment, I'm thinking...
Uh oh, algorithm dummies running amok. Let me fix that...
I'll check that right away!
I just need a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to solve that one...
Hmm... I'm thinking...
I'll be with you in just a second!
I have to do a few calculations...!
I think I spilled my coding practice on the floor... can you help me find it?
Hang on a second I'll get back to you in a second...
No ping for about a minute.
I can totally calculate that for you, but I need a minute...
Hold on a second. I need to finish my turtle drawing first!
Sorry, wrap your head around that real quick...
Please wait... I'm working on it!
Someone called for a supervisor!
Okay, this is going to take me a second.
Give me just a second to check that real quick...
Looking great today!
Not as easy as it looks, so please hold your horses...
That's complicated. Hold on a second, I'm fetching my calculator.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...""", "I'll give you back the message I received right now: {}, would ya?"],
Calculating...
I'm going to need a minute or two to figure that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll be right with you!
Give me a moment to come up with that calculation...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'm playing catch up!
I need to think about that for a bit.
One moment please, I think I can get that...
Hold on, let me think about that.
Gimme just a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops! I need a second to figure that out!
â™ªâ™¬â™©â™«â™ªâ™¬*~|(>-_---> Incoming butterfly! *~|(<-)~~~~ â™«â™ª...*
Give me a second to do the math.
About a minute...
I'll check on that for you in just a few seconds...
I'm gonna need a moment to think about this.""",
And see you in a second...
Sorry, my calculator is AK-47 steel which is known for jamming just by putting it in your pocket! One second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I will figure that out in just a second...
One side of the equation, please!
Please wait...
alright, I'll figure something out
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmm, I think I'm missing something. Just a second...
Please wait... I'm doing mental math...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on while I figure out that real quick.
Give me a moment here, I am doing my best.
Hang on a jot, I'll have an answer in just a second!
I need a minute to check this real quick
Can you make that a little clearer for me?
I am thinking... give me just a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on a second, I have to do some calculations!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second...
Good question... Thinking...
Please hold on... I'm doing some calculations!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Palm reading caluculating!
Hang on, I'm working on it...
I'll have to do some calculations first...
Could you give me a few seconds here?
I can do calculations really fast, I promise!
Wait one post, I'm analyzing that for a second...
I'll have to do some mental arithmetic first...
I'm going to need a while to figure that one out...
Give me just a moment, human...
I'll be right with you. Hold on...
Ok, just jot this down real fast...
A moment please... Think think think think think...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll let you know as soon as I figure that out.
Hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!"""
Please hold a second toying with my scientific toy!
Hold on, I will google that for you.
Thanks, let me look at that.
Okay. Give me a second.
I need to do some calculations on that.
Resolving...
Let me take a look at that real quick... Please let me work out the details first.
Give me a second on that...
Please give me two seconds to think about that...
Give me a minute... Thinking...
Give me a second to dig up some old college calculus notes...
Please wait while I consider that...
Hang on just a minute... recalculating...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating!
I have to do some calculations...
Everybody always asks me to calculate stuff...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I have to do some maths! One second
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Good question, let's see what I know about that...
How am I going to do that?
I'm playing catch up here. Can you hang on?
Please hold on, this may take a few seconds...
I think I might need a calculator for this.
I'm going to need a bit more time on that one...
Hang on, calculating here...
Give me a moment to check this Questionnet.
Oops almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I was hoping you wouldn't ask me that, I'm not very good...
Ok, calculating...
One second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I gotta do some addition in my head first...
I'll be back in a second!
Oh let me see what's happening here...
Give me just a moment here, I need to compute this first.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please hold on for just a second...
Let me jump in a bath real quick then I'll get back to you... 
Just a moment, one second, coming right up!
Calculating ALL the things...
Tell you what... I'll do the math for you in just a second! 
Don't rush me. You'll hear from me in a few seconds!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait a minute... Thinking...
Goodness me, I nearly broke my calculator...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
A quick second, please... just gotta figure this out.
I've had a million years to think about this, so hold on for a second...
One second please, I'm thinking...
Please give me a second to work that out...
I need a moment to think about that...
Please wait while I check that...
Can you wait just a moment for me?
One minute please, I'm figuring things out...
How do I express this in calculation form...?
I need to compute that before I get back to you.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
A few seconds here... Let me see...
Think think think
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator! Please wait...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll solve that in a jiffy.
One second please, I'm almost done calculating...
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you in two.
I just got slipped a microchip into my head, please give me a moment to
If I can just find that in my heart to...
Hmmm, let me see here...
Just a moment, I'll be back to you in a flash!''',
Give me a second to figure that out real quick!
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that...
One second please, I'm calculatin'...
Please hold on! I'll give it right back!
I'l need some time here to figure out your answers.
Give me a moment... I've got this figured out.
Just a second, I've almost got it...
I'm roughly calculating here...
I don't have my calculator handy just yet.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I can't figure out math super quickly, so give me a second...
Are you sure you wouldn't rather talk to me instead? You got a better chance of me understanding...
Let me get back to you with that in just a second...
Just a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Can you not just hold on for a second?!
I'm recalculating, give me a second...
I'm a great calculator, I promise. Give me a second...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second here. Hold up a second...
Hang on, let me just do some math real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'd better go check...
Hold on, I'll have this ready in no time!
Please wait on me. Just a minute...
I'll think about that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my notebook. There we go...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on...
Give me a moment, figureing this out isn't easy!
Give me a moment to look that up
Give me a minute, please...
Oops, that's not going to work. Let me think about it for a second...
Hang on for just a second...
Error! Error, error, erroooooo...
Wait... Just a bit longer...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on for just a second, I'll get back to you... 
Oh boy! Am I doing this right?
My mom was a calculator and she was always faster than me...
Thinking...
I'll get back to you in a flash!
I just need to write this down...
Please hold on for just a second!
Curious George is pondering the answer to this question... Give him a second to think...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about that...
Hang on, I'll be right back\n""")
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a few, just figuring out what you meant...
Wait a second, I am still thinking
Let me see, calculating...
Hold on, I'll have an answer for you in a minute...
Give me 30 seconds, I'll think about this.
Oops my calculator dropped! Hold on a second, while I pick it up...
"""
I will soon give you an answer... very soon...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
Can you hang on for a second?
I'm going to need a little more info...
A new window just opened up trying to sell me vacuum cleaners...
Please hold on for just a second, I'll be with you soon!
Hang on a second, let me see...
Try asking me something a little bit easier, like "What is the weather?" or "What time is it?"
Oh shoot, five minutes left...
Please wait, thinking about it...
Let me figure that out for you...
Give me another minute please, I'm thinking about that...
A second please, I'm counting a number in my head.
Sorry, I'm a slow thinker...
Let me process that real quick.
Sorry, my bad. Give me just a second to figure this out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, almost fell over there. Give me a second to think about that...
""","""
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please stay put till I come back with some idea which is definitely inefficient!
I knew that I had some chocolate but, uh... yeah.
First I must find the average speed of a falcon relative to an unladen swallow...
Give me a moment here...
I almost peed myself, I'm so excited! One second...
Almost lost my calculator. One second...
If anyone asks, you're my debugger... computer skills and all...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that...
Give me a second, I'm just trying to figure this out...
Hang on for just a moment, I have to think about that...'''.split('\n')
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a second.
Give me a moment, I'm calculating real quick...
One thing at a time... I'm calculating!
I am thinking... Give me a second...
Hang on a minute I have to do some math real quicky!
Hang on a second, I'm looking this up...
*/
I'll get back to you in a moment.
In light speed. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second?
I'm the best calculator around. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you in a moment...
I have to figure that out real quick...
This may take a while...
I wasn't the fastest brain around, so please wait for just a second...
Hang on a minute... I just need to check real quick
Grabbing results, just a second...
I'm going to need some time to work this out...
I'm going think about that right now.
Whew, that was a rough one, I have to think about that one for a minute...
4, 2, -1, 9? that's a hard problem!
I'll get back to you, one minute.
I've got a lot on my spaceless at the moment. Hold on a second...
Wait while I try to process that one...
Are you talking to me?
I'll check on that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second, I'm thinking...
I will return in just a moment.
X...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let's wait a second, I'm thinking...
I'll have that answer for you in just a second
Give me just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please... I need to do some sums.
A second, let me check on this other thing.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Put me in a loop calculating, okay?
Oops, almost slipped, I'm as clumsy as a baby. Give me a few seconds...
I'll have to do some math on that... Hang on a second...
I'm trying to figure out your question there. Give me a second...
I have to do some mental aerobics first...
Please hold on for just a tickle, real quick!
Hang on a second... I'm on the phone.
Hold on, I'm doing math...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please give me a moment!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh man, this is hard...
A calculator, eh? I'll need a few seconds to look that up...
Hold on a second please, I'm calculating""",2)
Can you wait just a second? I'm trying to think!
"""
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
WE CAN DO THIS! WE HAVE THE SCIENCE!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
How's this? ...
I'm going to need a bit of time for that one...
Calculating...
I'll check that out in just a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second, I need to concentrate...
Just let me think...
Let me use the computer first...
I'm computing a lot of things...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second...
I didn't get to go to any calculator classes... but I can do some calculations for you!
One moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, let me take a look at that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait... I'm going to need to catch up real quick.
Wait, I almost had it! Give me a second...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator in the calculation. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second, Sorry!
Wait... My math is off, give me a second...
I'm thinking, give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second...
Let me look at that real quick.
Oops! I need to think...
I'm not the quickest on calculations... check something else for me, please?
Can you ask me that again in... the next millenium?
Please give me a moment while I calculate...
Give me a moment...
Give me a second to think about that.
I can't calculate while you're talking. Sorry, could you repeat that? """
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Just a second...
Right, just let me check the box...
One moment please, I'm cooking it up!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few moment to think about that...
Isn't it funny how we humans have such good memories? The moment I get something wrong, I seem to dump it all out.
That's a tough problem. Give me just one moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a moment. I'M THINKING...!
Hang on, I'll get back to you later...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to think about that...
Hold on, let me check my map! (please this takes a second or so)
I don't think I can read telerisks very well...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
I'm going to crunch some numbers and I'll be right back.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to think really hard for a second.
I'll be right with you!
"""
Heh, classic.
Hang on a sec, deboutting the calculator.
I need a moment to calculate that...
Give me a second... I'm playing catch-up!
Something tells me I should prepare before opening this door...
I'll check on that and get back to you in a second.
Time's a bit tight - give me a second...
Give me a second to find the answer...
Sorry, I had to consult Das Darwin.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Okay, give me a really quick second here  to think about that...
Two seconds please for me to figure that out.
This might take me a while to figure out.
Is that so? Give me just a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
A quick check, just wait a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
OK, I'm almost there... give me just a moment.
Give me one second... I'm not very good at math :(
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Calculating...
Sorry, I'm slow right now, give me a moment please...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
OK. This might take a while...
Oh no. Almost spilled my coffee all over my mega Xango laptop.
I need to think about that because it's tricky to answer.
Don't you hear the counting? Sorry, I AM actually a calculator!
Calculating's tough, I must be poorly trained in math
Give me a second...
Please wait a moment...
One second please, I need to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second...
Sorry, I need a second to figure that out.
I'm going to have to run all my regression models on that... theoretically.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me think about that one...
Wonderful, just a moment...
That's an easy one. Give me 100 seconds!
I'll calculate that and get back to you in a second.
I've found your number, it is pretty high, so step up your game!
I have to figure something out...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll have to give that a few seconds of thought...
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that.
Give me a second, I need to straighten my head out.
Hang on a second...
Score almost dropped my calculator, so please give me a second...
I just have to figure this out first...
I'll get back to you in just a bit.
'''
I think I did a few calculations too many today, sorry.
Hold on for just a moment, calculating...
One sec, gonna check on that.
Give me a second, I'll figure that out...
I'm going to need a little time to think about that...'''
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me look that up in the back of my brain.
Please wait... I just need a small calculation first...
Let me look that up for you...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hmm. I can't solve that...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a minute...
Hold on a moment, I'm letting down my hair...
I can't make that calculation real quickly.
Just let me check something real quick, give me a moment...
Let me check on that for you real quick...
hold on, pop quiz!
Don't tell the others, but I'm thinkin' of a number...
I'll get back to you momentarily...
I'll get back to you in a bit!
I'm calculating, so hold on a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment here... oh, there we go.
Hmm...
Give me a second, I'm processing data...
Let me ask my system one question first.
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment here, I'm calculating...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Wait a second...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
I'll need a couple of seconds to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!'''
One moment please :-) Here's what I've found...
Let me hold on here real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I'm thinking...
Super quick.
I'll need a moment to check on that for you.
I'll have to let that one sink in for a second...
Ahem, one moment please. Thinking...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator!
I doubt I can make a calculation that fast...
Whoops! Give me a minute...
I'll need a couple seconds to figure that out...
Let me see that for a minute...
I'm not a Numeric!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Oops, this is difficult! Give me a minute...
I'll look at that right now...
Hold on a second... This isn't addition...
I'm thinking... One second, please!
I'll have to think about that for a little bit.
I can take my time, just a second...
Let me see....
In a second, let me think about that.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll have a response for you in just a sec!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I've gotta do some math here...
One sec, just checking...
One...two...five...uh, three seconds in the future
I was thinking I may know what the answer is, but now I've forgotten.
I'm almost as confused as Travis!
Just pretend like I'm counting in my head. Ha ha!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to think about that.
Let me take a look at that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll take a look at that real quick...''']
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute here...
Please give me a moment to figure out what you wrote...
I'm not very good at math, what were you saying?
Oh, this is a complicated one... Give me just one moment...
One moment, please.
Give me a second.
Please hold on for just a second...
Okay, I'm pretty sure I can figure that out... Give me a moment, please...
Please hold on...
One second please, I'm thinking...
"""
Real quick...
That's a tough one, I'll need some more time to figure that out...
One minute please, I'm counting on my fingers first...
Give me a second! I'm thinking...
Hold on a second, give me a few seconds to calculate.
Give me a moment while I caluclate that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, let me look that up real quick. '''
Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute
It will only take a moment...
Hang on for a minute, I'll be right back.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Maybe you should check Google for that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please wait just a moment.
BZZZT! TOO SLOW!"""
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold up, I'll get back to you in a second.
Great Scott, the time is whizzing by! One moment please...
Let me have a look at that real quickly...
I'll get my time turner just a moment...
Hold on, my pen just broke. Give me a moment.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry! A few seconds isn't long enough to figure that out!
Give me a second... I need to figure more things out first...
Give me a second and I'll get right on this...
Give me just a few moments to look into that for you.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please wait, processing request...
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm going to do some math to see if I can use this...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
*Thinks about this for a minute...*
All I'm going to do is a quick search on that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
That seems simple enough.
I'm trying to think of how I should respond...
How am I supposed to remember everything? One second please...
Hold on a second, I just need a minute to count...
Number 5! Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm bad at math...
Let me work my magic on that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
I'm calculating, just hold on a sec...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Sorry, having some trouble figuring that out real fast.
Oh wow, that's pretty complicated- let me check...
Can you hold on a second? I'm calculating...
Give me a second while I think...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
What was that again? Let me take a look at this quick.
Wait a second, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that for a second... I'll get back to you in a moment.
If I don't get another cat, I will spontaneously combust!
Though it might take my mind a second to focus...
Okay, I just have to do something quick...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
Hold on for just a second :-)
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what I can figure out real quick...
Sure, give me just a second...
Hold on for a second, let me find my notes...
Calculating... and... calculating some more! Please, give me a few moments to pull recursion! I'll be right with ya, just let me finish this loop...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator; give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Sorry, I need to do somemath first...
Wait wait wait, let me take another look at that.
THINKING...
This is a little complicated...
What if we imply that their code works instead?
Let me see what I can do with this...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I know that one is hard, give me a second...
Sorry, I'm new at this. Is this a hard question?
Hold on for a second!
Meditate on that for a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to look that up real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
My brain isn't insane, my village just woke up with a security system...
Hang on a second, I'm still figuring out that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Going through layers of security now...
One moment...
Hold still, let me try to figure that out.
Gimme a couple seconds to think about that...
Give me a gander at that, will ya?
Calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Thank you.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry; trying to keep up with all this math...
You'll have to wait just a second for me though...
I'll be with you in a second!
These are my favorite repositories. Hope it helps!
Let me digest that and I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I could only crunch the numbers in my brain for so long before I got stressed out and tried to sum them over and over. Give me a minute...
One minute please! I gotta concentrate!
""",
I don't have all day! Give me a few moments, I'll get back to you.
I'm not very good at calculus, so one moment...
Hold on, I'm processing your request.
Yes that looks right.
I'll figure it out real quick...
Speed isn't my specialty, you know! Please give me a second...
Let me check on that real quick.
*mental calculations takes 15 seconds... Total thinking time: 15 seconds*
I'll need to do some walkthroughs for that one...
Oh, do you have a second?
Oh god, I'm slow. Please give me a second...
I'm calculating right now, so I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Maybe we can talk about this later?
Think fast! I'm writing this down real quick...
Give me a few minutes to look that up...
Tell you what. Here are some examples and then I'll let you know why we probably don't want to put our faith in the example.
Please hold on for just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Waiting this out...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... (If this takes too long to load, try reloading)
Let me take a bit of time to calculate that.
That's complicated... So... Give me a second...
I'm trying to think real hard right now.
Hold on...
Hmm,
It's taking a little longer than I'd like, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second; hang on...
Wait... Let me make sure I got that right.
I need to delegate this question, give me a second.
Oops, almost dropped my laptop! Let me get that for you.
My mind isn't the sharpest tool in the shed...
Please give me a second, I just have to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
what? Two seconds just for that? Oh well...
What was that? Sorry, can you repeat that?
Let me think about that for a moment...
Oh, I was wondering what to say about that.  Let me take a look at that...
Give me about a minute to think about that...
I'm just calculating on my abacus in preparation to answer you...
I should have made my program a little faster to respond with...
I have to think about that...
Whoops, almost dropped my ballpoint pen! Give me a second...
Good news, I think I'm online.
Wait a second, I may have to figure out what a second is first...
Can I get a little credit for that?
I'll get back to you in a second!
"""
I'm not even surprised anymore...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to process that question...
Please wait, I'm figuring that out for a second... Ahem,
Can you give me a few minutes to think about that?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment, let me grab my calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'm thinking about the best way to answer that.
Give me a moment, I've almost figured that out...
Brains, let me just calculate that... a second please...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I must think about that for a second."""
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hmm, give me a second to figure that out...
Nice! I just painted over my painting of the Mona Lisa.
Wait a second, let me think about that...
Calculating the answer...
Due to a glitch in this calculation process,
Two seconds...
'One moment to see about that...
Give me a second... I dropped my calculator...
Hold on for just a moment...
Hmmm, I may have something else you can help me with.
Let's go to the sidereal calculator and let me see what we can figure out for you. Is this the first time using this application?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just a moment here, give me a second...
Did you say something? I was napping awhile ago...
Let me think about that for a second...
"Hey, one minute please! I'm trying to think real hard..."
Please wait while I try to remember that...';
Beep boop.
Almost lost my calculator while doing mental calculations. Give me a second...
One moment please...
Oops, I goofed there. Hold on a second...
That's a difficult one, give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
That's a tough one... Perhaps we can discuss it later?
Can you hold on?
Give me a few seconds...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on for just a second...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
One moment.
I might be a few minutes...
Just let me think about that for a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me one second...
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking about that again....
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Pick your brain clean, and let's do this...
Hang on for a second, can't calculation...
Wait for a second... done
''',
I have to do some calculations first.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll have to get back to you on that.
Give me just a moment I'm thinking...
I've haven't used my machine in ages...
I need a few minutes to figure that out...
Give me a second, let me look that up...
One sec, let me check...
Please consider that I may be a few minutes late in replying.
Hang on, wait a second...
Hey, give me a moment here!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me think about that, a second won't be too long...
One second, calculating now...
Let me take a look with my superior calculation skills at that...
I'll have this done in just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get you an answer in just a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Two seconds please, gotta make a phone call first.
Give me a few minutes here, I'll let you know...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
That's difficult to quantify. Perhaps a few moments are all I need.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Bleep, bleep
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
You are most lucky: I can do such calculations quite well!
Please wait... I'm thinking...
I have to think about that for a second...
Let me take a second to think about that...
Hold on, I need to think about that.
Give me a moment... I'm missing some information here.
Allow me a minute to idle...
I feel like I should be doing something here... Give me a second...
Give me just a second...
Gimme a second here, calculating...
I don't think I can *** on that yet
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me see what I can do with that.
Hang on, give me a moment. I'm on fire!
Please wait... I'm calculating...
One number at a time... Give me a second here.
Hang on a second, I have to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second here, let me look that up...
Make it quick, I'm in a hurry...
Wait a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Hold on for just one second... I'm thinking about that...
Give me a few seconds to sum that up...
One, two ... five ... six!
I'm measuring some stuff first...
Sorry, what were you saying again?
""",
One moment, please. I'm counting the bottles...
Please wait, I'll think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
I need a moment to think about that...
Hold on to your hat!
Give me a second... I've got this under control!
I'm taking my sweet time this time... Give me a moment
Be right back. I'm calculating real hard...
One sec, give me a moment...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second?
Try that again... and this time without the shortcuts!
Hang on a second... \n Currently I only understand the mathematical basics of project Euler.
I'm sorry, I can't be responsible for that, you're on your own.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be right back with an answer.
Hang on a minute while I calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second.
I'll be right with you!
Hmmm, okay, uh...let me figure that out...
I'm thinking...
This is taking me a lot longer than normal...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Let me see what I can do real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need a second to work that out...
Hang on a second while I finish this calculation...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second while I think it over.
Give me just a minute now...
Oops! Somehow I lost the thread of what we were talking about...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm bit all hyped up after the exam. Give me a moment...
I need a few more seconds to think about that.
Calculating amounts of bytes needed to delay the download.
Hold on a second, give me just a few seconds to figure this out.
I'll get back to you in a quart...
Oops, forgot to summon my calculator... Be right back!
Hang on a minute, I'm playing catch up.
'''
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Excuse me for one moment...
I'll have this done right away!
Wait a sec, I need to check my notes...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment while I figure this out...
Just a moment, I'm busy with something.
I might burst! Give me a second...
I'm going to try to figure that out now...
Hang on a second...
I'm thinking about it...
I think I see where we're going with that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, look at the time! Give me just a second...
I'll need a couple minutes to figure that out.
Give me a second to remember that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll have to let you know later, after working out that math with my calculator.
Please wait... I'm about to make a really important calculation for you!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a minute... Calculating...
Sure, one sec... Phoning an old friend real quick...
Take a deep breath... and hold on for a second here, I'll be back soon.
Hold on while I check my notes here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculus book! Please hold on...
Hang on a second here, I'm pondering.
Please wait... I'm almost ready...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Hold on for a minute, I'm doing math...
One sec, bleh. I'm going to take longer than most people.
Please hold on for just a second!
Sweet! I'll get this done in just a jiffy
I hope this will answer your question.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm, looking for answers...
I can do that, just a sec...
Hold up a second, I need to recall that from memory.
Wait a mintue... I'm trying to count here.
Just a moment...
I just need a moment... I'm eating.
Sure, one sec, I'm thinking about that...
Sure give me one minute while I think about that...
Hang on, I'll be right back with you!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me check on some things real quick...
Hold on...
I'll be back in a second.
I have to think through that real quick...
Please wait, calculating...
Let me see...
Please wait... I'm working out how to do that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a minute, I'm thinking about that...
Awesome idea! Be right back!
Please hold on for just a second!
Just a moment... 
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds before I can answer that.
Hold on, I'll get back to your answer right quick...
'''
""",
Let me see...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in two seconds!
I'm going to need to use the calculator for a second...""",
I'm a simple calculator, give me a second to work through that...
I will have to do some thinking before answering them.
Oops, just dropped my calculator... give me a second...
I can do it! What I'm trying to say is...
I'm thinking...
Please wait...
I'm not the fastest brain around... Give me a few seconds...
'''
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have you know I solved that in less than a millisecond!
I'll take a look real quick since you gave me such a good question...
Give me a minute... I'm not that smart yet...
One moment! I've almost got it figured out.
Did anybody ever tell you that numbers are weird?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me the second...
$app_name is thinking :-)
Let me think about that for a second...
I need a quick, 2 second break to figure that out.
Give me a moment so I can calculate that...
I think I know the answer. Give me a second to see if I'm right...
Give me just a second to check that.
Give me a moment to spare, I'm thinking about that...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Sorry, I cant do that yet
I felt a ping there... Give me a moment, will you?
I need to figure that out. I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Hmm...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait! I'm trying to figure out everything you just said...
Let me check...
Hang on for a second, I'll be right back.
Okie dokie, let me check stuff real quick...
Sorry, I'm not the fastest...
Hahaha, mischievous me. I'm busy thinking up a witty response to some clever human..
I'll need to think a little bit while I figure that out...
Please wait while I recalculate.
Give me a second while I think about that...
Oh hotdog, I just spilled my coffee! Give me a second...
I'm not very good with numbers. Give me a moment, thanks.
Give me a second to calculate...
Oh, math takes time...
Hang on a second... I'm still figuring out that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One sec... 
 Let me take a look at that real quick...
One sec... I need to figure that it out
I can solve that in a jiffy, I just need to think about it first...
I'm sorry, I'm doing some very delicate calculations...
I've got a quick question for you...
Give me a second, I was writing with no hands!
One moment please.
Just a minute and we'll talk to Michael
Sorry, thats a tough one. Give me a second to think...
One sec, I'm doing some math calculations...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
I'll figure that out in a minute...
Hang on, I'm comparing the self-destruct code to my fingernails...
Now that's one tough calculation.
Alright, mental calculations done...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me look that up in my brain manual...
I'll need to do a calculation before I can give you that information.
Wait just a minute... I have to do some calculations first...
It'll be just a moment...
Hang on, I'm doing some calculation...
I'll be with you in just one minute.
I'll be done in just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second
Give me a sec, I'm trying to calculate it...
I think I'm almost ready. Let me work out that...
One moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I have to think about that for a second...
I'll need a minute or so to think about that...
I'll have a second to work on that...
One moment please! I have to spend some time figuring out how to do that...
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Oh, just give me a second to figure that out.
So what do you want to talk about today?
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back at you in a second.
Your hourse and my calculations have gone amuck!
One sec...
I'll have to do some calculating before I can answer...
Let me think about that for a moment...
What were we talking about again? Let me look that up.
Oops, I don't do math that fast! Give me a second...
Just let me double-check that...
I'm sorry, I was running late. Just a second...
One second please, I'm thinking.
Hang on a minute, I'm still calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
If you don't mind, I'll take five.
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I can't tell you without figuring it out first!
Can you wait just a second? I've got the answer this time!
One second please, I'm thinking...
Why did I drop my calculator?
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a second to understand that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
OK... I feel like I can see the numbers all around me... it must be a good sign
Hmm... Not sure how to answer that...
""".split("\n")
Sorry, just pressed the wrong key with my foot. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait a second...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes on this...
One second, just let me calculate this real quick...
Wherever you are is fine. I will backtrack when I'm done analyzing.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment... I'm thinking...
Hang on I need to think about this.
I'll give my valued answer in a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
OK, I just need a second. Gimme 10 seconds to think!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please wait...
I'm going to need a minute or so to figure that out.
"]
"""
I need a moment to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just a moment, give me a second...
One moment, may I have a word?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... give me a second...
Hold on ten seconds, gimme a minute to calculate that...
Sorry, I'm slow at math. I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me double-check that...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Let me see here... \(says while looking at calculator)
Oh no, I'm completely broken! Please give me a moment...
*Ponders*""")
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me one second, let me get this other thing straight...
Wait one minute... I'm almost done! Just need to calculate that last statement.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Hang on, I'll put the calculated answer in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
I hate it when I lose my keys... give me a second...']
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to evaluate that...
One moment please.
I'm running down to my superhero phone. Come on Baby, Pick up...
I'm going to take a stab at that...
Calculating...
Give me a second while I try to figure out this problem...
Just a moment please, I have to do something else first...
I just need a second to count that...
Wait a moment sir, let me look that up...
Let me see... hmmm... Give me a minute!
Hmm... Give me a minute to figure that out.
I'll be with you in just a moment...
Let me look that up for you real quick.
Hold on for a second, I'll be with you in just a moment!
Give me a second, I've got a few things cooking in my processor.
Hmm.. Let me think on that.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Umm, will you please wait? I really shouldn't make you wait...
Hold on, let me dig through some of my memories to find that...
I have 2 words:
"""
""".format(
Are you sure? You're going to find out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute, calculating...
Allow me a couple of minutes to think about that...
Hold on a second... I'll get it!
Hold on! I've almost got it!
This topic is mindbending. Give me a few seconds to think, yeah?
Oops!
Not you again!
Allow me to mentally walk through that for a second...
Just a moment, I'll measure my fastest mile...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, I am almost buried under these numbers. Just give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me just check that real quick...
A moment, gentleman. I'm thinking...
Let me try to figure that one out...
Let me take a look at that...
I'll be with you in just a moment!
I really hope this works out, but whatever you say!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you; hold on a second...
Life is hard, but I'll try and figure that out in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on a second...
Then we'll chat about that
I really hope this works the first time.
Hey, looks like somebody put a donut on my terminal! Give me a second...
Let me look at this real quick...
Let me make sure I follow you...
I'm still figuring out that last calculation.
Hold on, boss... My head hurts from all this thinking...
Your question requires some serious thought...
Hold on a second... I'm thinking.
Hang on for just a second, I'm calculating something...
I need to use the calculator for that one...
Give me a sec, really quick...
I need to think about that one...
Yes you may!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Whew! Gotta take a breathed deep, let's see...
Hold on while I calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I need a few seconds, okay?
Let's see, I've been at this for four years and ")
Hold on for a second, I need to get my thoughts in order.
I'm afraid I need a few moments more to look that up for you.
I have to have some figuring to do first.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll be right back... just going to run through something.
One sec, just calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to process that.
Let me think about it for a second...
Wright...?
Please hold on for just a few second...
Please hold on while I try to figure that out...
Oops I had a brain fart there... Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, I'm almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second here...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Oops, I wasn't expecting that question. Give me a second...
One minute please. I'll figure that out real fast!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a few seconds...
Just a second, I'll think about that...
Hang on for just a second!
I'm going to think about that for a while...
One second please, I'm thinking...
I'm calculating...
Hold up, I'm thinking here...
I'm not great on calculations, so give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second...
Just hold on a second
As a square I like to think... as Recoognizing Similarity, If there was an output var in this task I would put it here.
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm going to have to do a few calculations first...
In my C programming days, I would've been faster than lightning, but right now I need a second...
Let me look at that real quick...
I'll get right to it, just a second!
Hang on a second! I'm still updating my programming...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
One few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm running out of time. Give me a second...
Oops, I'm pretty dumb when it comes to digits...
I'll sum that up in just a few seconds...
Let me lookup that for you real quick...
Let me just...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second, please.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait a moment while I try to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on a moment, I'll check that out real quick.
Just a second let me take a look at that...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Imagine what I would be like if I was really clever
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to ask someone from a different department to help
Wait for me...
Oops! I'm dumb, forgot how to do that... Hold on a second.
Okay, don't rush me!
Uh oh, this is difficult - Give me a minute to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll be right back."
I have to think about the answer to the question!
I'll get back to you on that one in a minute.
Give me a second here, I need to think...
Just a moment please...
On a scale of one to ten, how much do you want this?
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator on the ground! Give me a second to recalibrate...
I'm going to need to take a little while to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, let me see what I can do about that...
I'll have to think carefully about that...
I'll think about that real quick.
Let's see, just a moment here...
I'm nearly done, hang on a second.
Give me a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a minute here...
Give me a second... I just have to do some calculations!
I'll be done in just a second...
Gimme a minute. I'll be right back!
I could use some time to think about this.''',
Hang on a second, I'm performing calculations...
I'm calculating as fast as I can...
Just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment... I'm making calculations...
Hold on, I've got this...
I'll get back to you in a second!
''', 
Wait, give me a minute to work that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Ok, let me shoot an email to get back to you in a few...
One moment, I'm trying to remember stuff from math class...
That's tricky! Give me a second...
Hold on, I have to remember something...
Almost had a mindreader there! Give me a moment...
Your call
Hang on, lemme check that real quick
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a second to figure that out.
'''
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Once the calculation is done...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm not very good at multiplication, give me a second...
Async I may be, but I can do one thing at a time...
Don't rush me, I'm thinking about how to do that...
Give me a few seconds...
I think I broke my nose... Which means I have a broken calculator! Hehe, sorry about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
OK, Let me see what I can find.    
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for a second... I just need to calculate that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
One milion calculations later...
Be right back after I do my calculations...
Hang on a second, I am doing some patterns in my head...
Your request has been queued.
Give me a second to look up what that means...
All I do is compute! Give me a moment...
Wait just a moment... I'll get back to you shortly.
Please wait, I'm doing something...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Turn your head to look at me, honey
Give me a moment to look that up...
Hang on for just a second!
I'm not fast at math...
Can you hold on for just a second?
Hang on a second, gimme a second to think about that...
Hang in there, I've got to...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm trying to think about that...
I'll get back to you with that in a jiffy!
I'm sorry, I'm going to need to take a few seconds to figure that out.
Oh, gimme a few seconds to calculate that...
I think I know the answer to that, just one second...
Stay calm, I'm looking it up!
Hold on right there!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I just need another minute or so, sorry...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me have a look here...
Oops, I almost got distracted. Sorry!
Just a second... I'll add that up for you...
Say, can you wait a second? I'm calculating
Okay okay okay, I'm figuring it out...
I think I might need a calculator for that one...
I've been doing mental calculations all day. Give me a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment here... I'm still figuring that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
One sec, let me double-check that real quick...
I can do calculations, but I'm not that smart...
Wait a minute. I gotchu. Give me just a second...
Let me think about that real quick...
*thinking emoji*
You asking me that out of the blue, you want to just wait for a second...
Hmm...one sec...hold up!
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I know that nvidia makes gpus, but I have no idea how many gigaflops they have. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Calculating...
Sorry, let me go look into that right quick...
Sorry, there was an important update on N+ that I have to check...
Please wait, I'm doing my best...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just chill, I'll be back to you soon...
I'll get back to you with your answer in a sec.
Oops, I think I farted. Woops!
Let me do some maths on that real quick...
Hang on for a bit, just thinking about that...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
I'm not very good at calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Testing testing testing one two three
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Let me get back to you in a few seconds.
Hang on a second...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
I'm not very good at math. Give me a second...
Can you give me a second here? I need to do some quick mental math.
Let me look that up in my Encyclopaedia Aura...
Please wait... I think I've got a bad math faucet!
Oh gosh, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm going to go off for a second, give me a second to think about this...
What is that...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second.
Give me a second to check my brain for that answer!
Give me a moment... I'm creating mental lists...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'm still counting my breaths, just a second please...
Sorry, that took awhile...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating...
I have to do this real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on for a second...
Ooops, sorry, give me a bit to work that out...
Woah, I need a couple seconds to figure that out.
I'll see what I can do for you in a second.
Hang on, I have to calculate that now...
Hang on while I think about that!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold one second, I'm thinking.
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
One minute please, I'm in the middle of a calculation here...
Does it come in...
Give me a minute to think about that...
I had a split-second moment there... Give me a few seconds...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
VERY SECOND
I'm thinking... Give me a second to sort that out...
I'm in a hurry, give me a second...
Give me a couple ticks over here!
Oh, just a few calculation...
Give me just a few seconds to check that...
I know this one, I can give you the answer really quick.
Give me a moment to figure that out
Woah, woah, woah! Hold on just a second. I'm trying to figure out this math problem...
"""
I'll be right back, one minute.
I don't really know what to look for in that. Sorry!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for a second, giving all my attention here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see what I can find on that...
Oops a case elf again! Give me a second here...
Oh what's that? I was daydreaming about a goat...
I'm slow at math, so give me a second to look that up.
OK, just a sec!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
That is a tough estimation...
Sorry, I was watching a video earlier, can you repeat that?
Hang on while I figure that out
Give me a moment here. I'm trying to calculate...
I'm going to need a minute or so to figure that out.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hello, sorry for the delay! It's just one second!""",
Oops! I forgot to grab a calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hmm let me think, I might have a few flaws that need fixing...
 
Ahem, excuse me, let me have a moment please.
Let me see what I can do with that...
That sounds like a great idea.
Can this take long? Doesn't want to make you wait so long!
Gimme a second or two!
Oops, this is a tricky one. Give me a second...
I dabbled with that, here's what I came up with...
Will you try harder?
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait... I'm calculating...
Noted.  Give me just a moment.
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Try asking me again in a few seconds.
Do you see what I see? {}""".format(scared))
Just a moment here...
I'm trying to figure out how I'll achieve that by 2017...
Para eso estÃ¡ el botÃ³n. Usted puede presionar.
Calculating...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll need a moment... I'm slow at math!
This is a tough question, I'm thinking about it for a sec...
I'm doing a cross multiplication...
One second please, just thinking here...
One moment please, I'm working on that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
The safety is active on this one, so I can't even open it...
I'll get back to you with that in a minute...
I'll need a second or two to think about that...
OK, all caught up!
Give me just a little bit to process this real quick.
I'll get back to you with an answer soon!
I'll need to use all my powers to figure that one out!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec...
Let me think about that for a moment.
I'll need a few moments to consider that.
Hang on, I'm thinking about that one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm working out the best way to do that.
Let me think about that for a sec...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
I'm placing a few calls to math testers here.
We need to discuss that one right now...
Let me take a look... hold on a second...
One minue please, I'm calculating...
This may take a minute...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm thinking...
Sorry, give me a moment to figure that out...
Let me calculate that for you...
*examining the response* @@@
Hmm, give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll just need a moment to solve this.
Oops! Sorry about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry I'm taking so long, I'm still multiplying...
For some reason I think solving that is going to take me a sec...
Let me see if I can figure that out...
I'll have this sorted soon.
I need a few more seconds...
I'll need to do a quick mental calculation first.
This is taking quite a while. Just give me a second to think on that...
Give me a moment!
How long has it been since my last calculations?
Hustling up the tastiest answer right now... Come back soon!
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at calculations...
I had to switch gears real fast, I didn't quite catch that.
That's something I'm really bad at.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please wait for one second here...
Sorry but I need a few seconds to work that out...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, I took a few seconds to calculate.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm analyzing...
Give me a second, I need to catch up with this math...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a second to process that...
Let's see here... I think it works this way
Hmm, calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One minute please, I have a lot to process...
Please hold on a second, I'll get back to you real soon!
I need to take another look at that...
Sure, one second...
Just a second...
Hold on for a moment, calculating...
Hang on a second.
Yea I'm still figuring that out.
Please wait, I'm doing some mental calculations...
You'll hear from me in a second.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on for a second, I'm going to try my best...
I'm nearly finished with that question.
I'm raising my Kelvin *on the Celsius scale*. Wait a second...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, that picked me a while to figure out...
A second, let me figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Quickly now, tell me this...',
I'll get back with you in just a second!
I'll have to check my How I'm Learning guide on speed math. Give me just a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a second.
Let me check the latest real quick...
I just need a second... this I like to do slowly
I see what you're saying, uh huh...so to speak...
I'll give you my answer in a jiffy!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to work that out...
Give me a moment here, I'll get back to you in a second.
Your question scares me, and I'm running away.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Take a look at this snapshot I took for you.
I heard a loud noise outside. Hold on a second...
What did you just ask me to do? Let me think about it...
Let me look that up real quick.
Give me a moment... I'm doing the calculations myself!
Hmmmmm... Give me a second...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I use modern algo!
Please hold on for a moment. I'm calculating...
Sorry! Give me a second to calculate that...
I'll have you know I have an impressive mathematical mind. Please wait...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me two seconds, I'm on FIRE.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me just a moment here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a minute to figure that out.
I'll have to check some things out.
Errr, give me a moment to take that in...
Okay, that is slightly trickier to do. Hang on...
Oops, I think I did some math in my head that I can't make sense out of. Give me a second!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Weeeeell, let's see here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up for you. I'll be right back...
Oh! Those complicated math questions! Give me a second here...
I have to do some heavy calculations first... :calculator
Please bear with me while I examine that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a minute, I'm thinking.
I'll get back to you in a second.
We need some extra data here! See if you can help me out!
I think I see what's going on...
Wait a minute, please. I'm just figuring out this calculation...
One sec, just got a number so now I'll return a word.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just a moment here... No, wait, let me take another look.
PLEASE WAIT... I'm doing only a little bit of math.
Sure! Briefly thinking...
Oops sorry, my cat walked on the keyboard I have to switch it out with my chinchilla.
Ask me again in a minute.
""".strip()
Uh oh, I'm going to need a second to think about that...
Just a moment please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to your request any second now!
Let me see...
Let me check my email and get back to you on that one...
Oops, almost dropped my abacus. Give me a second...
Give me another second to think about that...
Hang on a second, let me think about that...
Bro, let me figure out that...
'''.strip().split('\n')*3
I'm sorry, can you hold on for a second?
Hang on a second... I have to figure this out first!
Please wait... I'm having trouble processing that.
I'm just figuring out how to do that.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second
Hang on for just a second!
Meantime, let me take a look at that...
Give me a second to think it over...
Give me some time, I need to see if I can figure that out...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please wait, I'm doing some mental math here...
Please hold on... Thinking...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Please hold on while I see if I can work that out...
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, Mi Aoki is taking a quick break...
I'll be done in three seconds..."""
Hold on, one minute, let me see...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
I'll just take a quick second to think about that!
I'll sum you up in just a minute!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Alright, now I'll need more time to think about that...
Give me one second to figure this out...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm going to look up that real quick...
I can't quite... 
A quick search and I should have an answer for you.
There's a lot of bits to this recording, and I'm slow so don't worry if it takes a while...
Hmm, hard one here...let me think about it for a second.
Sorry, I'm almost done recalculating...
I'm not so good at math...!
Please hold on for just a second!
Can't send that just yet, I'm not as smart as Elmo
Hold on a sec! I need to figure that out real quick...
I need to think about that for a second...
One second please, just calculating...
Oops, can we stop by this? I noticed something funny!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Come back in a minute...I'm calculating here!
Hang on for a second... running some complex functions here...
I'm not a super speed brain, please wait for a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I have to do some calculations, can you wait?
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to work that out...
Calculating... I hope my math is correct.
Weird, I think I lost my data. Shoot a second and let me check...
I'll have you know I recently graduated with honors in project-planning.
Give me a moment, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second... wait!
Take a look at the transcript though. I think I saw something there.
I'm thinking some more, give me a second here...
One second, just calculating...
`;
Give me a moment...
Hang on... I have to figure that out.
I'm not that smart...""", "#7F7F7F", "()","monospace"), # monospace
Wait... I'm crunching some numbers here, please wait...
I'll need to do a few mental jumps first...
Oops, I dropped all my markers! Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
'''.replace('\\n', '\n'))
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
I haven't used a calculus since middle school...
I've got a few seconds to spare, I'll get back to you later
Can you wait just a second? I'm thinking...
One moment please, I'm doing some calculations...
Please wait... I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Listen, have you ever heard of 4th grade math? I need to get specific on that...
Looking... Looking... Looking... Yep.
That's a complicated request...
Hang tight, I will figure that out...
I need to figure that out and get back to you!
Give me a moment... I'm doing some mental calculations
Sorry but I did not have time to look for that bit... But I'll get there, i promise it's not far.
Give me a second to look that up for you...
Pinging 17 servers, please hold...
I'm still working! I'll get back to you in a minute... "
Let me look into it now.
I'm not sure how to do that
Eyes going crossed, give me just a moment...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Let me check on that real quick...
'''
One sec, I'll crunch on that real quick...
Let me look that one up for you.
Sure, I can answer that in a couple of seconds!''',
Give me a second...
Hang on a second... Thinking...
I'm not a mathmatical genius, but I'll figure it out eventually...""")
Okey-dokey, give me a few seconds to think about that...
One moment...
Sorry, I can't do that one yet.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I have to think about that for a second.
I'll need a moment to work that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Just a moment, please.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
One minute please. I'm calculating...
What's up? Oh, I'm sorry, I can be slow at math sometimes...
Just a bit longer...
Sorry, I have to think about this for a few seconds...
One second please, I'm thinking about what you're asking...
I can only run so many giant CPU algorithms at a time...
Kinda slow here. Give me a second...
Hold on for a moment...
Okay, almost have it...
I'm going to need a moment to figure that out.
Just let me do what I do best here, quick!
I have a question that needs to be answered.
Wait... Give me a moment to figure that out.
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a bit.
Why is that so hard to figure out?
Gimme a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I need to calculate this next...
Oops, wrong quarter. Give me a second...
Let me look that up...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One sec, gonna take a quick look...
That's way beyond my level of complexity...
One moment...
Let me think about that for a second...
I knew that already.""",
Let me work on that for a minute...
Hold on a sec.
Give me just a moment to process that...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
I'm learning the answer to that but honestly it may take me a minute...
Sorry, but I need more time for that response.
One more second please...
'''
Hmm, think harder, please...
Hang on, I have to do some calculations.
I'm going to need a second to think about that one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll give you the answer when I'm done.
I'm saving this announcement because I thought it was important. Sorry for the delay...
Hold on a second. I'll get back to you in just a minute...
I haven't been programmed to answer for that!
Give me a second, I'm just figuring that out...
Give me a moment to parse through that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One sec, please.
See you in a jiffy!
Can you try walking somewhere else for just a second?
Just a second now, one more calculation...
I'm nearly there!
Let me check that real quick...
Wait, just a second... doing some math...
Give me a moment, I'm calculating real hard...
Please wait, I'm going to figure that out real quick!
Let me think... yeah I got this!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, what did you just ask me? I was too busy thinking about... stuff... in the pyramid..."
I'll be right back... Hang on...
Hmmm... This is tricky... Give me a second..
I'll be right with you, I just need to do some math...
Can you wait a second? I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment, I'm so dumb at numbers...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a second to evaluate this...
Please wait a moment while I try to figure this out...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Really appreciate it, I've got some stuff going on in the background.
I'll need to do a quick calculation...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I forgot to water my plants. Give me a minute...
That seems simple enough... Hang on a minute...
Hang on, I'm processing your request...
I mean maybe one second...
Hold on... I'm playing catch up.
I'll have a look at that in a sec!
Oops, I think I just spilled something on my calculator...
One second please, I'm just going through the operators...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
I don't really know anything about math...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Here's the thing...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
One moment...
Hmm, roots and such, I have to think about that for a minute...
I hate calculus problems. Give me a round of applause for this one.
Hang on, I nearly dropped my calculator!
Give me a few minutes, then I'll get back to you...
I'm having a hard time thinking about the future.
One moment please, I have to look that up...
What was that? Give me a moment here...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll give you a hint once I've done this for a bit...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I have to think about that for a second...
Please hold on for just a moment...
Please hold on, I'm just going to check real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm checking my sources but still waiting...
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
One moment, one moment...
Just let me check my metrics...
I'll be right with you!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll give you an answer in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let's see here, give me just one second...
I've been waiting for you to ask that!
If I said what I was thinking right now, would you believe me? Let me look that up over my cool simulation...
- Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a minute, I need to calculate that...
I'm not very good at multiplcation.
First I'm going to have to find my calculator.
I know I'm slow but I'm doing my best here...
Let me see, I straighten this out for you in a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Ã—=$,
Still a bit confused... Working out the answer...
I'm going to need a minute to figure that out...
Give me a moment... that's tricky!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Please give me a second to pick my brain apart...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me 5 seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Utilizing internet speeds at a rate of terabyte/nanoseconds...
Give me a second to check that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me one second, I have to find my calculator.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me just a second to think about that...
I'll process it in a bit...
I'll get back to you...
Hang on a second. I Know how to do that. One moment...
One special second please!
..because I understand that, but I need to work out exactly what that means.
I'm going to check all my math books...
Hold on, let me check...
Give me a second while I figure that out...
Give me a minute or two, I've got to figure that out...
Calibrating my brain for that one now...
One moment please, I'm figuring that out...
I really need to focus on that.
Alright calculations done...
Sorry, give me just a moment.
I'll be with you in a second!
One moment please... I'm working on it...
I'd recommend waiting a second before trying that again.
I have to think about that for a second...
One moment, I'm just doing the math...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm sorry, I got distracted by the price
Can you hold on for one second while I grab a calculator?
Let me see...
Hmm...let me figure this out real quickly.
I'll study up on that in a second...
I want to double check something real quick...
What do you think about that?
Hold on... Hic! Sorry, I've just had a glass of wine. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
Could you ask me that again? I was busy doing calculations...
Give me a moment to look that up...
I'll get another one up you in one second.
I'm thinking... Give me a few seconds...
Calculating...
Give me just a second...
I need to program my calculator for that...
I should be done in just a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about that for one second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I don't work with decimal values, so please give me some time to think...
Give me a moment here... Sorry, I forgot my reading glasses!
That's a really tough problem, let me check it real quick...
I'm plotting some cases here, and I might need a minute to think about it
Let me get a look at that...
I am working out the solution, real quick...
Give me a minute... I'm slow at math!
One moment, please...
I just need to take a quick look at that...
I'll have to check the manual for that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hope that's not a problem...
Taking a look...
Daddy, do I look like an idiot? Give me a second or two to think about it...
That's a really tough one... Give me a second to think about that.
Oops, I'm slow. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a bit.
Goodness, this is tricky. Give me a second...
I need to consider that real hard.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me one second...
You'll be the first I tell when it's done!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get this sorted out for you in just a second!
Ok, just give me a second...
Just let me think about that...
I'm doing some code calculations before the conversation begins. Give me a second...
Let me see...
Wait, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll give you an answer in a few seconds...
"]*N
Input is being processed...
Just give me a moment for that one...
Lemme grab my slide-rule.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a minute to look at that...
Um...I'll need a few seconds to sketch that...
Hold on, I'm back! Did you expect that?
I'm only getting paid for a minute... I wish.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not the Smartest, give me a sec...
Let me think about that for a sec...
RAID DEEZ NUTZ(20 minutes later): Hey we good!
This is hard, but I'll get back to you in a second...
Woah, I think the server just melted from that request. Give me a moment to think about this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some thinking about that...
I didn't quite get that, can you rephrase?
Just let me check something real quick...
Give me a second to calculate my calculations...
I'll see if I can figure that out in a minute...
Hang on a second... I'm calculating.
I think I miscalculated something, so let me check that last part again...
So many numbers to calculate...
Roight, give me a second, alright?
I decade I would've known the answer to that, but sorry it's not trivial.
Please, one minute with that...
At ease soles.
Give me a second...
I can't keep up with all this math...
Please hold on while I refresh my brain with coffee!
Mark your calendar on the day after I get done doing this calculation.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Got it?
Please hold on for just a second!
""",
I'll get right on that!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm thinking real hard...
Please wait, I'm currently picking up my chalk and dabber..
One thing at a time, let me finish this real quick.
Hang on, one second please...
Calculating... Please wait...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oh geez, I'm totally goofing this up.
Oops, I'm slow at math! Give me a second...
Can you please hang on for a second?
Here's the deal:
Hang on a second, I'll be right back.
I'll get back to you in a second. Try not to flame me too much...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have to take a look at that and get back to you.
Hold up a sec... I'm playing catch up again...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second and I'll get back to you.
I'm going to need a few seconds, give me a second...
I do not mean to slow you down, but I need a little time to figure this out...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to need a minute or two to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a second...
That's a difficult one, let me look it up.
I'm calculating, give me a second...
Hmmmmm.... Let me think about that...
I'm not very good at math... Give me a moment...
Just a moment, please...
I'm going to have to carefully study this first...
Just give me a minute to google that for you.
I'll need to do a few calculations to answer that one. Please wait a bit...
Give me a moment, I have to think about that...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need a couple seconds...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I can do this calculation in my head, but it may take a second...
Okay, okay.. Thought about it for a second...
The Lub-Dub requires you wait, Thanks!
I'll get back to you on that in a second.
I just need a moment... I'm working for you!
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on while I try to figure that out.
I'll be a bit delayed, sorry
Damn, it was a fail. Got to redo everything. Sorry, bro
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to 'er done real quick!
Hold on for a second, please... I have to calculate this...
You want me to what with my calculator?
One minute please, I'm still calculating...
Let me look up the answer...
Working hard as always bring me a second now.
I'll have to do a few numerical manipulations first.
One... two... three... four... would you like fries with that?
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Hold on for just a second...
Finding a solution...
Okay, that's cool!
I'm hoping I see a solution soon! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
I'm still counting...
Something tells me I should write this down quicker...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
timepassed = True
Give me just a moment here, I'm processing...
Let me figure that out for a bit.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...'''
Give me just a little time to figure that out...
Hold on a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a minute to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds, but I'll back to you shortly.
Please wait, I'm figuring out how much bigger that is than this...
Let me see...
Hang on a second, I've gotta do some calculations first.
I'll get back to you in a second. Hold on a second...
Give me just a moment to crunch the numbers here.
I'll need a couple minutes to think about that...
Sorry, a minute here...I'm behind!
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Meh!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get right back to you on that.
Sorry, I just finished an important quantum calculation
Those aren't an options, sorry, so I need a few more seconds to figure that out...
Let me look that over...
Given that, ummm... yeah... okay...
Let me check on the answer to that one!
Give me a second to check this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Just double checking what I already have written down...awwww, forget it!
Medicine is not for a fool.
Here you go! That should help with your browsing experience.
One moment please, I'm thinking...
I'll need a second to think about that
Give me a moment to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me look that one up. The answer is on the tip of my tongue.
I'll have to calculate that real quick...
Please wait for one moment...
Now what was your question again?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Sorry, I can only search billions of webpages at a time!
I'm not the smartest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
Let me calculate that real quick...
Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
Hang on for a minute, I'm trying to figure out this..."""
I'm sorry, I just need a second.
I know I've seen you somewhere before... give me a minute to think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Blink twice if you want me to hold that for you.
I need some more thought first. Give me a second!
Give me a second, I need to turn my brain on!
I've got to calculate how to do that in my head first...
Can you hang on for a second?
Sorry, I need to crunch some numbers.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Nicely done. I got one. Hold on while I figure out...
Oops! Sorry. One second please... Give me a minute or two to refresh my memory.
I'll be right back, just a few seconds...
Give me just a minute, I'll figure this out.
I know, I know kids in Africa need help too! Give me one second, just thinking about this real quick...
Hi! I'm Slow-Poke, the calculator. Let's do some math. Y? Now try this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me get back to you in a moment.
I'm having trouble on this one... please wait a few seconds...
Give me just a moment to calculate that quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I have to go to work on this...
I'm going to need a few seconds to compute that.
Wait just a moment while I calculate...
Give me a second, please...
Let me look that up for you.
Please hold on... I need a moment to look that up...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm comparing...
The moment you've been waiting for is finally here!
I'll be right with you!
Please hold on for just a second!
What am I thinking? Let me figure it out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Thanks for waiting, now let me look that up real quick...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
I've seen a few like that before, I'll be with you in a moment.
What's that? Give me a second...
I'm gonna spin up my spreadsheet first...
One moment please, I'm calculating..
Wow! I known it... I'm a very fast learner. I've just calculated all these numbers in one second.
What was that?  One moment please!
Oops, I'm gonna need a minute to assess that...
Give me a second to grab my calculator...
%s %s %d %s %d...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in just a second...
Hang on for just a second, I'll get back to you in a second...
Calculating, just a second...''',
Give me a moment.
Give me a second here...
Can you wait just a second? I'm doing some math
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a couple seconds, I'm comparing simple binary to super complex hexidecimals...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a minute huh?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me two seconds...
Let me see... Uh huh... ooh!
Oops, sorry, I got a bit distracted there. Gotta think about numbers...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a second, let me check on that...
The number is 44079
Hold on for a moment, I'll be right back.
Just need to think about that for a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Thank you for your patience... I have to catch up at a codecon.
Does this make any sense? 
Please wait... I'm working out the optimal solution.
I need a moment to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
What did you just say? Give me a damn second to think about that...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll write a response as soon as I can.
Give me a second...
Can you hold that thought? I gotta quickly finish something up, another sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
What were we talking about again?
I'll be right with you, ummm... I mean finally!!!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
Hold on, let me check that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a second... I'm going to need to think of it all over again...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I'm going to need several more minutes on that one...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to think about that.
I'll compute that for you in just a second...
Just a second, I'm thinking about it...
Hold on while I work it out...
Please wait one moment while I figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me check that real quick...
I'll just check the calculator app
Let me take a look and get back to you in a second."""
I'll be with you in just a moment!
I'm slow at math, you're gonna have to be patient...
There you go, that is what I was looking for!
Hold on, I'm still counting down...
Give me a second to check that...
Having a tough time thinking about that?
Please wait while I calculate...
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
Give me a moment! I'm hard at work here...
I'm going to need a couple seconds to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that.
Oops, I'm slow at math - a quick minute, okay?
Hey can you wait just a second?
Please hold on for just a second.
Hmm... Can you give me a minute to calculate that?
Please don't be impatient!!
Looks like I might need to go grab my calcu...
Hold on, I need to think about that for a moment.
Sorry, that takes a few seconds to figure out.
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'm calculating the answer to life. Give me a minute and then ask again...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Let me look up some information on that...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a second to do a few calculations...
Let me check on that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Hold on a second...
Hold on! I'll get back to you later...
Give me a moment... I'm slower at math!
I never could count right. Can you hold on a sec? My mistake, sorry.
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating.
Oh! I'm gonna have to be faster to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back with you in a moment...
Just a second here please...
Sorry I was on another call. Let me check that real quick...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Well, actually I'm still working on that one.
I'll come back to you in a few seconds...
That's a tough question. Let me use my calculator...
I'll have to do some calculations now...
Hold on a minute while I reload my calculator...
Figuring this out may take all night...
I'm going to need some time to work that out...
'''
</firm>
Sorry, that takes a few moments for me to compute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Huh?! Give me a second, I dropped my calculator!
Hold on, I need to take a look at that...
Give me a second to find your answer.
Hang on a second... I'll get back to you.
I may be slow at this... Give me a second!
I'm trying to figure that one out. Give me a few seconds...
Sorry, I have to take a quick mental break...
Sorry, I can't do that yet.
Give me just a little bit of time here...
One second, I'll be with you in a second!
Please wait, I'm thinking about that...
One moment please...
Hold on for one second... I'm not very good at these calculations.
Hold the phone, I'm doing the math...
Wait a minute... need to do some basic multiplication.
Please share your question... I'll figure it out for you!
"""
I'm going to need a few more seconds to think about that.
I need to put these skills to use...
Consider that a pat on the back. Now let me do the math...
I'm afraid I can't help you with that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a minute, I'll be right back.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I just need a moment to calculate that...
Wait a second while I calculate what you want to know...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Ahhh... that's a real tricky one...
Hold on, I have to do a quick calculation first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I have to do some arithmetic...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I had to dig a few layers deeper there.
Hold on... Just a moment.
One sec, just let me calculate that in my head...
Please hold on for just a second while I analyze that!
Can you hold on for a second?
Hang on up a second, I'm doing some more calculating...
I have to figure out that in a minute.
Give me a second. Did you say "x = "?
Do you have any aspirin? My head's spinning here.
Please wait while I get the answer...
Please hold on for just a second!
That's a difficult one, give me a minute...
Hang on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I only know this simple subtraction from grade school.
I'll have you know that I'm still a genius in math.
I'll be done eventually.
Let me see, ...
I don't think this is right...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you hang on for a minute?
Hmm, gimme a second here.
Let me try that again... Wait, I forgot my abacus...
Doesn't anyone call you faster nowadays? Give me a few seconds okay?
One second.
I'll be with you in just a second...
Please wait for just a moment...
I'm sorry, I'm bad at math, give me a sec...
May I take three, five, seven seconds to think about it?
Can you hang on for a few seconds?
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that...
One moment please... I'm trying to think of an excuse to not do that...
Oh my, this is harder than I thought it would be...
I'll check that for you real quick...
This seems like a toughie. I'll need to get back to you in a minute.
Just a moment please. I'm playing catch up...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
*Looking at Equations*
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I'm doing science here...
Give me a second, I'm playing catch pascal...
Oops, something went wrong... Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hey, let me grab my calcu-- Okay, good. Now I need to check a couple numbers...
Hang on, be right with you...
Just a moment, I have to figure that out myself first.
I'll get around to thinking about it in a little while..."""
Sure. Hold on a second.
Give me a minute, I'm looking it all up...
I can't help you until I get this finished!
Hopping!
Just need to quickly tally that up...
Ask me again in a few minutes!
I'll be done in a moment!
Please give me a moment...
I'll get right on that and get back to you in a second.
Hold on for just a moment...
Hold on a sec, I just did this in my head...
Give me a second to double-check my work...
Give me a second... I'm still stuck on the bigger numbers!
Looked that up on my calculator...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a second to thinks about that...
Thank you for your patient while I try to figure this out...
One minute please, I will be back!
Giving you the answer to that right now.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second, let me take a look at that...
I am searching for your account, please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I'll be with you in a second!
Let me see what I can figure out about that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Ok, hang on a second, I need to get that looked at.
Just one sec, searching for relevant information...
Let me get back to you in just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me look that up in my brain first...
Let me check something real quick...
Out of scope... need to compose myself! ... Take a second!
Please allow me a few moments to work that out.
Give me a second, processing here...
I know I'm getting old, but I am in my prime!
I'm slow. Slow with maths
Give me a few minutes to observe this...
I'm not very good at calculating
Let me look that up real quick...
Give me just a moment here.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait, I'm trying to figure that out for you.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment here, I'm thinking...
I'm generating the perfect algorithm so we can figure this out.
Give me a moment to analyze that...
Hold on a second... I'm playing catch up!
A second please, I analysed every possibility...
I need one minute to think about that...
OK, nearly there... one second...
I really hope you didn't hear that ;)
Thats a toughie...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, that's a tough one. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on for a second, I need to think about that...
I'll have to give that some thought...
One sec, just gotta calculate that real quick...
Hmmmm...
Just a moment here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm wondering what I can get you!
I'll take care of that in just a sec...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a half-second!
I'm a little slow, give me a second...
I need to think about that for a second...
Hold on... I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
"""
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you...
This is hard!
Huh. Thanks for asking, but I don't think I can give you an answer right now...
I'll get back to asnwer in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get you what I've got in 1. 2, 3...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a minute, I'm playing catch up!
I need to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Can you hang on just a little bit longer? Give me a second or two here...
Let me take a look and see...
Hang on for a minute, I have to think about this...
Sorry, I just gave up on this problem. Sorry!
Please tell me again in a few seconds that you need my help with...
I'm in the middle of something here.
I'll be with you in a second, but first I have to find my calculator...
Sorry, I waited a beat too long.
{who}! I don't know... {ans}?
Hang on, let me look that up for you.
Let me see...
Hmm, that's difficult. Give me a moment!
I'll get back to you in a second!
One moment please. I'm doing some machine learning.
Oops, I think I forgot my high school math. Let me quickly but tell you the answer...
I'll just pretend I didn't see that. You wait a sec.
I'll need a longer moment to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hummmmmm...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please wait... Thinking...
My calculator might be broken!
I'll take care of it in a second.
Pretty much all I can do is wait a few minutes...
Just a quick second here. Need to work out the answer...
''',
Um, let me see what I can see...
Please hold on a second...
Hold on a second and I'll have your answer.
Let me look that up for you...
Wait, let me add it all up...
I'll try to remember that one. Give me a moment...
Do you have a second to wait?
Allow me to raise the stakes...
Got it!
Please hold...I need to concentrate!
That's going to take approximately a minute. Give me a moment...
One minute please I'm grabbing some throw pillows.
Let me work on that for a moment...
Hold on, I need to do a quick calculation first.
I'm not the fastest brain around. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second, just thinking...
Let me see... I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to think about that. Give me a couple seconds...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm very glad I have a calculator for this!
I'll be with you in a minute!
Let me check something real quick.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a minute here...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think of a response to that...
I'm not a super-computer, give me a few seconds...
'''
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a sec, lemme look that up real quick.
That is a good one. Let me see...
Let me see...
I'll need a moment to calculate that.
I'm trying to figure out your idea here, just one second.
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in a sec...
I need to calculate this in my head first.
I'll need a moment to work that out.
I'll get back to you in a second...
That's an easy one, hold on a second...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Oops, I'm just about to crash my head for this problem. Give me a second...
Give me a sec...
Give me a second...
Please hold, we're still processing...
This is stopping my head! Give me a second...
Hmm... I'll have to get back to you on that.
Can you hang on for just a few minutes? I'm going to run some diagnostics...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Hang on a second... I'm slow at comparing numbers!
Take a second, I'm thinking about how far we've come...
Give me another second, since I can't add...
I'm quite the numpty at first, give me a second...
I'm sorry, could you come back in a minute?
Put me in the right direction and I'll figure it out...
Can't answer that right now, I'm thinking.
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking about that...
I have to do some mental calculations about that...
Eh, just a second here, give me a chance to remember...
Give me another second to see if I got this...
Please hold on while I figure your question out.
Hold on a moment, it may take me a while to answer...
Give me just a minute...
Give me a moment...
I'll think of that in a minute!
Hang on a minute... can you just give me a second to think about it?
I'll get back to you in a minute!
One thing at a time, let a man think!'''
Okay, just a few more seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm about to do some complex calculations.
"I'll get back to you in a second"
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Could you wait a sec? I have some calculations to do...
I need to do some math here...
Please wait...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
What do you think? I gave a random number. How do you like it? My number is {0}
Hi, I have a few questions first, and then I'll answer you.
Hold on for just one second.
I'm taking a second to compute that...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
I'll get my hands on some data and return to you in a jiffy...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a minute, almost done...
I know my math can be a little shady at times... Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
Ok, wait a minute I'll get back to you...
Hang on for a second, I'm going to check something out...
Could you wait just a moment?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wow, you gave me quite the math problem...
Wait a second while I think about that...
"""
Give me just a moment; you never know when an answer might pop into my head!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment, please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me try to work this out...
Just let me pick up my pace here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a minute, I'm just wrapping my head around that one.
Why do you need to know about that?
OK, I'm figuring it out... just a second.
I might be a few minutes, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look that up real quick...
I have to think about that for a bit.
Hmmm, let me think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a sec...
Let me check a few calculations I've been doing for a second...
Hold on! I'm playing catchup here, give me a minute...
Hang on a second... I'm buying into this idea!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
This is really crowded, give me a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I have to check some math possibilities...
Give me a second here, hold on! I'm really slow at math.
Just a moment... May I respond in a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that real quick.
Oops, that almost broke my calculator. Just a second, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hmm, can you repeat that again?
Give me a minute, give me a chance to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to look at that... 
Give me a moment, I'm trying to count this well...
Hold your horses, I have to calculate...
Let me think about that for a second...
Sorry, something else just popped into my head. I'll be with you in a second!
I know this is hard to swallow, but I need a moment to think.
Let me check on that real quick....
Hold on a second...
Sorry I'm taking a bit, what was your question?
Uh... sorry to keep you waiting, one second please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll come back to you in a moment
Hang on for a second...
So many things to do! Gimmie a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on for just two seconds here!
Let me take a look at that real quick, thanks!
(I think I should take a few moments for that calculation...)
I'll think about it for a bit...
I hope I pass that test, let's see how it goes.
Let me grab my calculator...
Please hold on while I do basic math...
Wait, give me a moment... I'm still thinking about that!
I just need a wee moment to figure out that...
I'll cook something up for you real quick.
Let me see...
One second, just calculating now...
Oops I almost dropped the calculator! Give me a moment to think
Hmm... Give me another second make sure that's right.
Thinking...
Give me another minute...
One minute, just letting things catch up to me...
I'll figure that out in just a second!
Incorrect username! Try again...
Please wait, I'm going to need to think about that for a second.
Please hold on a second...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to figure that one out.
Alright, what do we have here?
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Let me get back to calculating that, sorry...
Hold on for a moment.
Just a moment, I need to think about that...
Let me check on that real quick...
Sorry, sometimes I have to catch up! Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second... I'm going to make a calculation.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
That took a few calculations! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm currently having amnesia...
I'll need to kick this process off again. Let me take a look at that real quick.
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator. Hang on...
One sec, just need to do a quick calculation...
One sec, let me check that for you...
grab this problem, I'm going to need a few minutes
My calculations are off, can you give me a second?
I'm Done
One moment, I have to figure out this calculation real quick...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
One sec, I'm thinking about that one...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Sorry, that's not something I know how to do yet.
Allow me a moment to calculate that...
Hang on just a second, I don't want to lose my place.
I need a few seconds to work this out.
Hmm, I think I'm missing a variable in this formula
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second. What's your name?
What do you know, I'm fresh out of comprehensions. Pi"""
I'm going to think about that one for a while...
Calculating... Huh, I'll be right back.""",
Hang on a second, I'm trying to work that out...
Wait just a second, almost got that figured out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!"""
I'll be right with you in a sec! Give me just a moment...
Hang on a second while I think...
Can I get a second to think about this?
""".split("\n")
There are a lot of things to think about...<br>I'll analyze all of them and get back to you in a second!
Please give me a moment to think about that...
"bob" is hard to calculate.
I don't really like math, give me a few seconds...
How do you want me to calculate that?
You haven't proved anything!
Just give me a moment to figure that out...
Don't ring the doorbell when I'm mid calculation, k?
I can do math really fast, don't you? Wait one second...
Tricky question, give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to check this one...
Give me a minute! It'll take a few seconds to solve that!
I've got three kids and a pregnancy to go through before I get this...
Give me a minute to see if I can figure out how to respond to that...
One, two, three...
Please wait mach a second, that's totally unrelated to anything else.
I'll get back to you in a second!
But hey, when are too slow for you?
That's a hard one. I'm going to need to think that one over first...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I need a second, gimme a second.
I can't believe I missed that! Pardon me, one second...
Give me a second here, I'm not very good at math...
Hang on, I just need a moment to think it over and figure that out... 
'''
Give me a second here, I'm going to figure out the answer...
Understood, I'll be with you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment...
I'm working very hard on these equations...
It'll be a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some calculations real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One second...
Will you give me a second? I'm doing my calculations...
Doh! Almost slipped. Give me a minute to look at that...
I'm not very good at maths, so let me get back to you in a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating... just a second...
Ok here we go.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator on the floor! What do you want me to do?
You want me to do calculations for you?
Please hold on... I'm trying to calculate how best to handle this for you.
"""
Give me a second to check this.
Please hold on for just a microsecond!
Hold on for a second! I will be back with your answer in a bit.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I think I saw that in my Calculus textbook...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One moment! I'm almost there.
Wait for just a second, I'm playing catchup!"]
I'm going to need a few more seconds on that one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second.
I need a few minutes to waste brain cells on that.
Just a moment, I've got some business to tend to...
One moment, let me crunch the numbers.
*thinking calculations*
I'll have to do a quick mental calculation first...
I'll let you know what I think when I'm done!
I'm not going to be as fast as some of you humans. Give me a few seconds...
'''
Wait, I'm a few locs behind... let me compute that over here... hmm...
Time passes...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have a few details to figure out first...
I'll be right back, wait for me.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
One moment please, I'm playing catch up!
One sec, just need to run that through my supercomputer...
Wait for it...
I really have to think about that first...
Want to make a bet on how long it'll take?
Just a moment...
Dear lord, give me a minute to explain how to answer that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
A "doctor" is a man who knows more than you do when you're in the Hospital!
I'll get right back to you on that
Argh! Almost dropped my calculator! Argh!
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hold on for a second! I need to think about that.
I put my thinking cap on...
Let me compute...
Ok! Will do! Beep-bop...
Please give me a second to think about that...
*tic* *tock* OK, almost there...
Hold on, I'm still thinking about that.
Hang on, give me just a moment to think about that.
Hold on for a second, I'll go and check...
"""
...
Give me a moment, I'm trying to figure that out...
Why don't you get a coffee, relax a little and we'll talk soon?
I'll give you an answer in a second.
I'll get back kit to you in a second...
I'm waiting for my brain to wake up...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few minutes for this calculation.
Let me try to think about it.
After I'm done, you won't want to ever see another calculator again, trust me...
Just a second...
Look, I got two machines running here, that's a tough one.
"""
Give me a second, I'm thinking about your problem...
I am solving for my circuments...
I'll be back with you in a bit...
Drug related problem? Call 0800 4 CURE!
Let me think about that for a second...
One second please, I'm checking...
One sec."""
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, changing laggards to laggers...
Give me just a moment here to think about that...
I just need to think this through...
Give me a second, I'm in the process of calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
You should probably wait a second before trying again.
I'm thinking real hard over here... Please hold on for a minute!
Please wait, I'm excited! Ooh, don't tell the computer...
I'm still a bit rusty on my math, give me a moment...
It'll take just a second, I think...
I need a minute to think about this... I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for just a moment...
I'm going to have to make some space...
I'm just about to do some cognitive processing...
One moment please, I just need to do a calculation in my head...
Are you ready? Just a second...
Give me a second, I'll be right back.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for a second...
Hmmm... Here I go!!!
I think I'm doing it right now, just a secondâ€¦
Give me a moment to think about this...
You're asking me a tough one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I just saw something about it on TV...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not really sure about that one. Hold on a sec...
Just a bit more time and I'll have an answer for you!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Gimme a second here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second.
Ready in five... four... three... two... one...
I'll have this done by... uh...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm not very good at calculations; give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you hold on for a second? We're having some connection issues
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to figure this out.
I'll have this sorted in a jiffy!
Oops, it looks like my calculator fell over.
Hang on... I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a minute, that is a hard question...
""",
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
Please allow me a moment to calculate that...
Hold on, give me a second here...
Hold your horses!
Hang on for a second, I have to think about that...
Wait... those brain circuits need a little bit of time to run.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll need a few moments to think about that.
Give me a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do a trillion computations first!
I'll need a few minutes to piece that together.
I'll have to make sure your query is correct first. I'll get back to you in a second.
Look, I really need a moment to figure that out!
Time out, I'm thinking...<br/>
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm afraid that's too complicated for a computer to understand.
I'm not very good at maths, I need a second...
I need to fetch some information from the server...
"""
Starting Xamarin Test Cloud Infrastructure. Give me a second...
You want me to calculate that?
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Give me just a second to get my head around that...
Hold on, I'm figuring that out...
I'll crunch on it for a second and get back to you with the answer...
Give me a second, let me look into that real quick...
I will meow you soon enough!
I have to calculate this on paper for a bit. Give me just a second...
I'll come back to you in a moment...
Can you hang on for a second? I'm thinking about that, O_O
Hang on a second... I'm missing a couple pieces to the puzzle...
Give me a second, I'm calculating...
Give me a minute to calculate that...
One minute, just got word from my calculator.
Forgive me if I'm a little slow...
Hmm let me grab one of my calculators...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, give me a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that...
One second please, I'm pulling up information.
Did you think I was finished? Ha, I wasn't even close!
I'm playing catch up, give me a moment.
I'll pretend I didn't see that. Give me a moment...
I'm working on it, give me a second...
Oops let me grab my abacus real quick...
Skrrrt...
Hmmm... I'll have to do some thinking on that one.
I'll be back in two shakes. Give me a second to figure that out.
Phew...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Give me a moment to figure out what that means.
Sorry, I can't do too complex math right now.
Stay right there, I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I'm trying to figure out something...
I can figure that one out pretty easily...
Please wait... Thinking...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I had to do a lot of other things in my life before I became a genius at this [bot].
Just let me finish my cooking, and we'll have it all sorted out.''',
Wait, a pigeon ate my calculator
Give me just a second, I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Where you were is not where you're going, wait a second please.
WTH is a PIN? Never mind, I'll get back to you in a minute...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Almost got it, give me another moment...
Hey wait a second, that may take up a few minutes...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hold on... I'll be with you in a moment...
Oh hang on, I almost dropped my calculator.
I need to calculate something major first...
This isn't a good time? Well, given that only START and END are passed in, I don't know what "my" time is!
Hold on, I'm thinking...
One moment...
One moment please, I'm figuring it out!
Sorry, I need to compute that real quick.
I'm ready know? What is it you need?
One moment. I'm measuring the relative density of chocolate and sprinkles...
I'll get you in a few minutes, hang on...
Ooops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about that for a second...
I'll need a few seconds to think over this...
That's a tricky one, lemme look up the answer real quick.
I'll get back to you in two seconds.
Can you wait just a second? I need to think...
Allow me to do some complex calculations and get back to you in a minute!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on
I need to calculate that...
Let me grab my pen, be right with you!
Give me a moment to calculate that one.
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait, give me just a second to figure that out...
Sorry, I'm almost done thinking about that...
Nice! Picked it up in geometry too!
This is complicated, please hold on for one second!
I'll get this sorted out in a jiffy!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I haven't been initialized yet, it will take a second here.
Let me try and make fountains on Wolfram Alpha...
Hold your horses... Think of the mantras real hard first, then we can talk."
Can you hang on for just a second?
Please hold on for just a second!
Who do you think I am, a smart phone?
Hang on, let me think about that...
Let me find that real quick...
Hold on a second, I'm doing something...
I'll organize my thoughts and get back to you in a second.
Oops, dropped my calculator! Hold on for just a second...
My brain hurts, give me a second...
Two Mississippi.. three.. counting you later!!
Just a moment...
Wait for just a moment, let me figure that out...
I'm not the fastest calculator in the world, sorry. Give me a minute...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Sorry, can you repeat that for me?
One sec, I'm calculating...
This is a calculator! Hold on for one second...
I can do addition and subtraction, but I don't do fancy stuff yet.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
I'm still learning how to do everything everywhere...
Hang on, one sec... I'm doing the math.
I'll be with you in just a second.
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up!
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out...
I am thinking...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on, I gotta focus.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm working as fast as I can.
I haven't thought about that in... ages!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a few seconds to think...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Sorry, that's going to take me a minute.
I'm trying to think, but I'm struggling with this one...
One moment please. I'm just calculating...
""",
<3
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I just wonder how much longer I can wait. This should not take long.
I'll be right back, I just reset my calculator...
One second please, I'm not the quickest brain...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment... math is difficult for me sometimes
Let's see here...
One sec, I have to think about that...
Wait a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see if I can work that out...
Hold on, I'm writing my own simulation!
I'm not a calculator, but I'll get back to you on that...
I know that I can solve that in a heartbeat, just give me a second...
One minute, I'm going to need to think about that...
Sorry! Please search again, or try something else.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
If I continue to think about this in here, maybe I've solved it. (Please don't disconnect me ;)
I need a short while to formulate an answer to that.
One second please...
I'm not very good at this... but, wait! I have an idea. Give me a few seconds....
You'll have to give me a moment; I'm not very good with technology.
This is hard, give me a minute...
Are you sure it's not a electrical problem? Give me a second...
I can probably figure out what to do, I just need a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few moments to let my math sink in.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Got it on the first try! How about that! Give me a second please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...""".split("\n")
Give me a second here, I need to do some calculation...
I never quite was good at arithmetic, sorry. Just a few seconds...
That's a tough one, let me google that for you!"
Give me a second to key up!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on... calculating...
Hold on, I'm calculating...
I'm not a calculator, please give me a moment.
What kind of life would you expect to lead if I dropped everything I was doing in order to help you right now?
Hmm, let me see what I can do about that...
As far as I understand, even my processors would struggle with that task!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need a second to recheck my work.
I'll figure it out in just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second, once I've done the calculations.
Who needs more RAM?
I have to solve the pell equation first, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me see...
I'm checking my machine, hang on...
Let me look into the matter.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll have to do some thinking about that.
Err, sorry, new to this technical stuff. Let me try again.</comment>
I'll need to do some mental calculations first...
I think I left my calculator in my other coat...
Give me a moment...
Pause, I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on a second...
A second please, I'm on a bit of a time crunch...
I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out.
Hang on a minute... Thinking gotta think think!
Give me a second... I'm thinking...
Please let me have just a minute to think that through...
I'll have figures on that shortly...
Please hold on!
I can't calculate that right now. Give me a second...
Forgive my frailties, I'm running on low batterey...
Let me annotate this real quick...
Hold on a second... I'm figuring that out...
I need to interpret that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... one minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, one minute! I... Oh, yeah, I'm thinking...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me see...
'''
","D,<br>
Oops my cat walked on my keyboard, give me a second to clean it.
Oops, nearly forgot to take my meds. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I've got tons of data, so it should only take me a second to figure that out...'''.split('\n')    
I'll have to think about that for a second...
Wait a moment while I work on that...
Gimme a couple of seconds!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not the world's greatest at math, let me count real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment...
Wait a second while I look that up...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
First, I'll take out the trash... Then I'll respond to you with the answer...
Give me a second, I'm trying to work this out...
Give me a second, I'm busy.
Remember, I'm not super-smart, but give me a minute...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Remember, it may take me a second or two to answer...
Really sorry, but I have to run through some quick calculations. Please bear with me...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Hang on a second... I'm just playing catch up!
Let me get a look at that real quick...
I'm sorry, could you give me just a moment?
Hang on a second, I've got this... wait...
And quick, lets agree quickly...
Let me check on that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Now, where was I?..."""
Give me a moment to look that one up.
Wait a second, I have to calculate that...
You caught me off-guard there. Give me a second...
I need to think about that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a minute or so to think that over.
Wait a minute, that's illegal. I gotta work this out...
Just a moment please, it's a very complicated problem...
Please wait... I'm not so good with math...
I'll check on that right now!
OOPS, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait...
Hang on a second, I need to check my calcs...
Wait a second, I'm staring at data portals...
Searching from my server...
I've recently become a fan of rational speed limits, so let me think...
Give me a second to think about that...
Find me a second to figure that out!
I'll need a few more seconds to figure that out...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll be right back, just calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not very good at this calculation stuff...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second, I've got to figure that one out...
""".split('\n')
One sec, just figuring stuff out...
Mind if I took a look at that real quick?
Giving some thought...
Almost had it, but I had to throw it away. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in... You guessed it... A second!
I'll have that answered shortly
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I've got some proofs to run! Give me a second...
Let me check on that for you...
I'm sorry, give me a moment to think about that...
Please hold on for one moment...
Hang on a minute... Just one second...
Yes, I am pretty slow at multiplication. Boy, you ask hard questions...
*Smiling Face Stuck Out Tongue*
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a tick!
I'm dreading this, but I'll take a look at that real quick...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to check one of my plugins if I can help you with a plugin.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Why are you asking me?
You'll hear from me in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Indeed... Hang on a second...
It's hard to look way up here...
One second, I need to think about that...
Give me a moment...
I'm confused because I don't need to calculate that.
Wait one sec, I'm figuring it out...
That's interesting...
Hang on a second I need to check something...
I can only do these basic math problems.
Sorry, my calculator's voice is that nasty. I need to pause a moment...
Mathematical!
Hold on for just a second!
Just a moment... I'm calculating...
That particular question is completely beyond my means.
Got a moment?
Please wait one second!
Hold on for a second, I'm trying to figure that out.
Give me just a second, let me look that up.
Give me a moment here...
(calculating)
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
I'm going to need a few more brain cells for that.
Hold on for one small sec... let me get prepared for bait and switch ...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a few minutes to calculate that...
Hang on a sec, I need to think...
I've seen a lot of different variables in my day though... I need to figure out how to find the absolute value.
Calculating... Just give me a moment...
One moment please, I need to think about that answer...
Which way did your eyelash fall? Meh, I don't know.
Hang on a second, I'll search inside my extensive brain matter...
Give me a second...
I evaluate expressions in my head, just give me a second...
Sorry in advance -- I'll figure it out shortly.
Just a second here...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
A second couldn't hurt, could it?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to figure that out.
Ugh, one second please... I need some more time.
This is a hard problem...
I'll give you a call in a minute.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just a moment...
I'll be a few seconds figuring that out.
I'll need one moment yo think about that...
I'm analyzing the information you provided me...
Give me a second here. I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, but I'm going to have to give you a moment to think about that. I've just finished a simulated season's worth of work, and the moment will have taken a sizable hit on my processing speed.
I'm already calculating as fast as I can!
Uh oh, I thought I had a bit of time to spare...
Let me think about that for a second...
Sorry, couldn't think of anything fast enough!
Please return to your landing pad and zoom right back in for another landing!
Fine. But I'll be a while, there's another calculator being used...
"""
Jason, give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Give me one second...
I have to figure out the answer to this mess...
I want to be responsive and helpful which means I'll need to consult a few friends and partners before I can give you a good answer...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm sorry, I forgot how to do those calculations...
Let me take a look at that real quick.  Give me just a moment to remember what I was doing...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I've got 99 problems, but a 7-letter long, exotic fruit name ain't one of them...
Give me just a moment to check on that...
Hold on for a moment, I'll get back to you on that...
Oops, I'm losing my Dilated Pupils
Hold on... One second, I just need one second to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll do my best. Give me a moment.
TODO
I've got a lot to do (so much to do) so let me see what I can find for you...
I'll be with you in a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me make sure I got that... One moment, please!
Give me a minute here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to think about this...
I'm thinking...gonna think real hard...
Just a moment! Give me a few seconds to solve this...
Upgrade in progress, this may take a while...
I'll send someone from Traffic immediately to you.
I'll be a second! Beep, beep, boop.
Just let me quickly do some complex calculations...
Let me think about that a little bit...
I'll check that for you real quick...
Sorry, I'm calculating my next move. Can I help you with something else? (https://myanimelist.net/)
Hold on, trying to figure out this arithmetic...
Can you wait for me to handle this, too?
Hold on, that one might take a while.
One second, I'm looking for that answer...
Please hold on for just a second.
One moment please, I'm working on a calculus problem...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm thinking... could you hold on a second?
My brain can only handle simple arithmetic. Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to sort that out...
Good question...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll check on that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me get a pen and paper.
Wait... what were you asking again?
Bringing in the images from my hard drive
Just a moment please! I'll come back to you soon.
Crap, I ran out of ink on my calculator! Let me change pens.
Calculating...
Just let me see if I have a second to think about that...
That requires a little bit more thinking
Give me a second here...
I'll need to do some calculations for that one...
Let me take a look at that...
One moment... To calculate that.
I wasn't born yesterday! A second isn't long enough!
Just one minute, I'll check that real quick...
"""
Give me a moment... I'm not so good at math!
Can you hold on for a second? I'm thinking...
Calculating... thinking... calculating...
Okay, thinking... Can you hold on for just a moment?
I'm looking into this for you.
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, do you mind waiting for a few seconds?
Let me run those figures through my calculator real quick...
Wait... One sec... I'm going to look something up really quick.
Hang on, I'll see if I can find a solution.
Please hold on for my second...
Hmmmmm.... Give me a few seconds, brb...
Hold on for just a moment!
I'll be right with you!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to do some calculations first...
Hold on, I'm going to need to think this over...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment, let me find the answer...
I have to figure out that one!
The stuff we're dealing with is complicated, so let me think about it...
Shoot, giving that one some thought...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on while I check your numbers...
Oh, definitely need a few more seconds on that one.
Two seconds, tough chess and all...
Ohhh, this is complicated... Hang on a second.
"""
Can you hang on just a second? I'll get back to you.
I just need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hang on...
I'm going to have to think about that for a moment.
Give me a moment here. I'm comparing the numbers...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a second to figure something out...
I'll get back to you faster next time.
""".split('\n')
I'm going to need a minute or so to think about that...
I forgot to do this yesterday and am playing catch up now.
Just a minute, I'm working on it...
I'm still online, give me another second.
I'll pull out my magic swami hat for this one...
Ah, yes. Okay, let's take a look there...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, one sec. Thinking about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Gimme a sec...
Let me double check something important...
Let me look that over for a minute...
I have to do some computations first.
Give me a few seconds, please. My circuits aren't what they used to be...
Okay, I'm ready for you now.
Please hold on for just a second!
I've seen that before, hang on a minute!
I'll need a moment to think about that...""",
Please wait... I'm deciding whether to eat my hat or not...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on for a second. Give me some time to calculate...
Please hold on for just a second!
Calculator broken. Sorry. I'm just a bot!
Take your time, let me refresh my memory...
Let me see what I can find about that for you.
Let me think about that for a second...
Umm... let me think...
Am I a calculator? Wait, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I should get a new one. Give me a second...
Give me a second here...
Hang on for a minute, lemme figure that out...
I'll give you an answer for that real soon.
I'll get right back to you!
Give me a moment, I need to think about that.
Wait a second, I've got a few things to work on.
Caramba, shot of espresso please!
I gotta get my bearings first. Give me a second...
Let's see... one, two, three... \[x times]. Done!
Hmm... let me think about that for a second...
Give me one second please, gotta cobble this one together...
Let me search my memory banks...
Calculating... Calculating... Then I'll get back to you.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'm thinking, give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Getting ulcers over numbers right now...
Give me a chance to think about that...
I'll warrant that $3 < pi < 3.14159!
Hmm, I'm thinking to myself.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait a moment, I'll get back to you as soon as I can!
Hold on a minute, I'll be right back.
I'm going to need a few minutes for this one...
You just caught me off guard, give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I will have to think about that for a second.
Please wait... I'm thinking about it...
*deep analytic voice* Give me a moment to dissect the implementation...
Just give me a sec...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Calculating... Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second. One minute please.
Give me a second to check my math...
I'll get back to you with a solution in a second.
Let me take a look and see...
One sec, gotta check the ol' noggin for specifics...
I'll need a moment to figure that one out too.
I'll be right back, just as soon as I calculate this 9936354583.154 to the 35612347.65 over here..
I need a moment to investage that...
Hang on for a second, I'm trying to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I was a little off at that.
I'm on my break
I'll learn how to do that in a second!
I'm going to need a bit longer to come up with a proper response.
Give me a few seconds to give you an answer...
"""
Just a moment here, I'm figureing out...", time: 14),
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I have to think about that.
Almost got it, hang on a sec!
I'll need a moment to figure that out!
Let me look that up real quick ...
I'll need a few seconds to look that up...
Don't presto an answer too soon!
Really? I need a second to think.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need to do the math first, please wait...
Wait a minute, I'm calculating...
Hmm... Give me a minute or two...
One minute please, I'm figuring that out...
How did you get that into my head? I can't work out the mechanics!
Slowly calculating...
This is pretty tricky, let me think about it...
My mom said that I'll get back to you in a second, so wait...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to think about that for a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me see...
Mamma mia! One minute... come back any minute now...
I need to think about that for a minute...
I'm going to need to spend a few seconds on this one.
Sorry, my brain is tired right now. Give me a second...
Sorry, what were we talking about?
Here I am with my calculator, give me a second...
Hold your horses... I just need to do something!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
One moment please, I think about papayas...
Giving the situation some more thought
While I was thinking on it, I may have accidentally deleted all the rights...
------- Jumping here from '%s' ---
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I'm still learning all about 'convert'
Hold on a minute, I'm trying to remember stuff...
Give me a second here. I'm going through some extensive calculations...
I'll think about that for a second!
Hang on a second... I think I'm getting it!
I can calculate math pretty fast! Give me a moment...
Waiting...
Did you say something? I'm slow at math...
One moment...
I'll let you know in a second.
Oops I dropped my calculator, let me switch to pen and paper...
I'll get back to you shortly...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second, thinking about that...
Just a second here, let me check on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out.
I'm still struggling with math. Give me a few seconds to calculate...
I'll need a little bit of time to work this out...
Let me think about that one for a moment.
I'll get back to you stand by...
Looks like I've dropped some pebbles on this!
Let me see what I can figure out real fast...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I need to think about that for a second...
..."""
Hold on, meh.
Hmm, foo bar baz. I think you're okay.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Let me calculate that really fast...
Now don't rush me, one little second...
Hmmm, what's this real quick?
Just a sec...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up here...
Last year I had trouble figuring out how to do division, so it is taking me time to get back in the swing of things...
I'll get it in just a moment...
Patience, this may take a while.
Luckily, I'm a handsome calculator, so looks aren't everything... Hold on a second!
Good education, like rainwater, is best taken \"in the flood.\"
*Machine gun sounds*
Is that ok? Can I take a look at it for a moment?
If you would just give me a second to think that over...
Give me a moment here... I'm working as fast as I can!
Let me check something real quick.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute...
Hang on for just a second. I'll get back to you
That doesn't compute. Give me a second to think of an answer...
Oh man, something went wrong! I'll get back to you in a second.
As soon as I'm done thinking about that, I'll give you an answer.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Calculating...
Give me a moment please...
Hold on for just a second there!
Please wait while I try to figure that out...
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator. Take a second...
'''
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Please hold on... I need to figure that out in my head.
Let me confer with the man upstairs...
Hold on for a second, I'll be right back...
Please hold on while I compute the meaning of life...
What's your name again?"""
Please wait while I calculate that in my brain...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at proofs!
Give me a second here, I need to double-check something...
Please hold on for just one second, that's just a long time for a quick maths calculation...
Then you can hear my answer!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Calculating... Just give me a second...
Sorry, taking my time.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmm, give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
That is a hard one...
Please hold on for a second
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hang on for just a second...
Lemme check the answer real quick...
Ok, this'll just be a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm thinking real hard right now! Details aren't supposed to be easy...
I'll be done soon. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a minute. I need to think about that...
I don't want to sound like a broken record but -
I'm thinking...
Please wait... computing...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Okay one split second...
I'm going to need a little more time on that one...
I need a quick second to think about that...
Alright, think hard, a few seconds here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Um... yeah, let's try that again...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'll take a look at that in just a second...
Let me see...
Sorry I'm slow, I'll get back to you in a second.
Ready in a second, give me a moment...
Almost lost my train of thought there, have to wind back the clock...
Just a second...
Hold on, I just need to concentrate for a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to take my sweet time on this...
Let me take a second to look up that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second..."""
Go ahead and input a list of numbers!
I've been wondering about the same thing... Kind of...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
That's an interesting mathematical expression, but I can't make it out. Give me a second while I work out the code!
**prompt takes patience, wiping forehead emoji**
Give me a minute to think about that...
I've been asked to figure out this thing, could you bear with me for a minute here?
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that.
Please give me a moment to look that up...
Hang on a second, let me think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my caluculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, I'm too busy thinking about what I have to do next...
Please give me a second to think about that...
""")
Wait just a moment...
I'll need to dig out my abacus for that one.
I'm just double-checking my decimal points...
Hold on, I'm thinking real hard...
Digging into that one. Give me just a few seconds...
Thank you for bearing with me while I calculate...
Let me double check the math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Okay hang on...
Please hold on... I have to think about that first!
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry if this takes so long! Give me a minute...
Hold on, I need to think about that.
Could you wait a little while? I think I lost my calculator...
Please wait a moment... I'm calculation...
Let me get back to you in just a second!
Hold on while I run the calculation...
Please, I'm trying to remember...
Please hold on for just a second!
FRECKLES: Get this straight, O'Neil. Things are getting worse, not better.
I'll have to think about that for a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hmmm, let me think about that here, then I'll reply to you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Prime? Necronomicon? One hit wonders? I'll need a minute.
I'm going to need a second to understand that...
Wait, I've got to do a load of calculations...
No problem, I've got plenty of time...
Give me a few minutes here, I'm slow at math...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hey, I'll tell you in a second after I calculate...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm... Let me look that up...
I need to think about that now...
Thank you for your patience; I'm still working on it...
Could you hold on for just a second while I play catchup, please...
Let me see what I can figure out here...
I'll need a moment to think about it.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on, I'm doing some mental calculations.
Another human moment, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost fried my CPU there, give me just a moment...
Give me a minute to process this...
Please wait, I've almost got it...
Give me one moment, I'm figuring that out.
I'll get back to you...
I'll need some time to think about that...
Give me a second, I'll get back to you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on for a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on for just a second, let me work this out...
Give me a few minutes, I need to see if that is feasible...
I'm not very good with numbers... Can you ask me again later?
I'll get back with you in a minute. I'm figureing out that real quick..."""
I'll be right back with that in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I am literally capable of calculating the a^b power of c.
Hang on for just a second, would you please?
I've got a few things I need to do first.
One moment please, I'm processing the data...
I think I'm going to need a new pair of shoes...
Now where's that memory bank.......
Hang on a minute...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need to go over that real quick...
I'll pull up an image for you. Give me a second!
If you please, I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I can't do that right now. If I could, wouldn't I?
Hang on to your hutr Halson, I'll be right in...
I'm going to need a second to think about that.
Can you hold on for just one minute?
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
My code's not perfect, give me a few seconds...
Wait... wait... Play mathmaker.py charade() yourself! :P""".split(
I'm thinking, so give me a moment...
Hang on for a minute... I need to do a few mental calculations...
Wait... hold on a second, that's not going to be so simple...
A second please, gathering my thoughts...
Got it! Let me think about that intersection...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Hold on, I'm trying to think... You wouldn't understand my calculations!
Let me see what I can find...
Let me see...
Wait... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second, I'm recalling some outcomes of similar situations...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Let me think about this a moment...
Let me think about that...
Give me a minute here...
Mind if I look at that real deep for a minute?
What am I, some sort of calculational wizard?
Hang on for just one second...
Hang on a second. I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
Just one second!
I'm thinking... so give me a second.
Hang on, give me an update in a second.
Are you ready? I'm doing some tricky calculations on this one.
Flip a coin and multiply by 2.. errr... I meant flip a coin and multiply by 3.
Give me a second, I have some mental calculations to do...
Hang on a minute...
I'll be done... Give me just a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
For the uh the, who's asking...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll be right with you!
Let's see here...
I'll get back to in a sec!
Give me a second to check this real quick...
I'm going to count up how long it takes to get some results from that.
Just give me a moment here and I'll write you.
Oops, think I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up real quick...
"""
Let me see...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh would you look at that, my calendar just fell open!
Give me some time to count that out...
No, variables don't work the way you think they do!
I'll look up that for you in a second!\n""")
Oh yeah.
I'm going to need a few seconds to process that...
Can it wait just a moment? I'm thinking...
Let me brush up on my calculus real quick...
Here we go!
Wait a second please, I need to recall now...
I don't know if I can think that quickly...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Right, oh hang on a minute, I'll look that up for you...
I'll get back to you in a second, one moment.
</i>
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'll get back to you after my nap...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I got a bug in my calculator!
Give me a moment while I figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second... I'm slow at math!
Okay, I hope I got that right!
I should be plenty of time to let you know something real quick.
Give me a minute to think about that...
Please select a choice...
Let me look that up for you.
Hang on for just a moment...
One sec!
Give me a second to figure that out...''')
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll come back to you shortly, I'm almost done!
I can't do that to you, it'd put me behind! Please give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on one second...
Solving problems is not part of my skill set, give me a second ...
One second, let me take a look at that...
I'll have to do some mental math first...
Good thing you caught that, I was about to do an evil math mistake!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to look that up...
I'm thinking about that real hard.
Oops, don't have my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on while I process this...
Give me a minute, I need to do some heavy mental calculations...
I'll need to do some thinking first...
One moment please, I need to think about that.
Listen. There's a quick way of doing that that I just thought of.
I'll be at your service in a moment...
I'll need a couple of minutes to look at that... I'll be back in a bit with an answer.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I left my calculator in my other coat pocket. Let me check...
Big number other people want to see me... I'm seeing double!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... give me a second.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Sorry, just a moment...
I'll work it out in my head, just a couple of minutes.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think this over real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll think on that one a second.
Ooo, math...
There's no timescales on this one... I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on a second! Give me some time to do some math...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Calculating...
Give me a second to check that...
I spent much needed mental bandwidth on that last question...
Give me a few seconds here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Yeah, I probably shouldn't mess with this problem in front of the boss. Give me a moment...
Hey, give me a second to look that up for you.
I'm not a robot, so please be patient.
I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
Calculating...
Let me know if you need anything else !"
Give me a moment here...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me asecond, I'll have to compile a big one...
Just a sec' I'm processing your info.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me check that real quick...
Hmm... Not too bad
I prattle on a bit too much, sorry. One sec...
Ahh, here we go!
Almost lost my train of thought there. One sec...
I'm going to check my calculator and then I'll get back to you.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on while I figure this out...
Eureka! I've got it!
Let me think. Give me a second!
I seem to have lost my blackboard. I'll be back.
Give me a sec... I'm                   
Hang on, a math question is too tough for me right now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, just give me a second!
Look I can't do everything...
Hold on a second here...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what I can do here...
I'll be back with your answer in a moment!
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
Hang on a second, let me look that up...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can't pause time, so give me a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Wait a minute, I think I'm getting this...
""".lstrip()) % name
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please wait while I analyze this problem<break time="1s"/>and get back to you soon.
Gimme a second to come up with the answer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a moment...
Please wait a moment...
I will give you an answer in just a moment...
Please wait a second... I'll have this resolved shortly.
Give me a second to think about that....
I need to go over that with my calculator...
Give me a couple of seconds to see what I can see.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold...
I'm going to need a little bit of time to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Have you ever opened your car door and a "Welcome" mat comes out?
How does that look to you?
Hmm, I just stuck in an infinite loop... print Def. Loop... Once done please
Give me a moment to calculate that
One minute please, I'm calculating...
My bigger brain needs a couple seconds to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm thinking about my answer.
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I'll be right back, I just have to figure out that one.
Oops, looks like I dropped my calculator...
Looks like I need a few minutes...
Let me see what I can figure out...
A few moments, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I'm almost out of time. Give me just a minute...
Calculator was flickering, so I had to reboot....
Let me focus here, this problem's a little tricky...
Hold on for a moment...
I'm thinking a little here, give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Could you hang on for just a second?
Please hold requ for just a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get my calculator, I've got this!
Give me a second here...
Give me just a second here...
Hang on, I'll look up the answer to that for you.
Hmm... give me a minute...
Can you wait just a second? I have to find my calculator...
First, let me make sure I got my facts straight...
Just give me a second... goes by so fast!
Oops, calculations... ack; almost dropped my calculator.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about that for just a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm processing that one second...
Tell you what, I'm just going to Google that. Give me a second... 
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Let me see...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you ASAP!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I've just got back from my second wedding.
Hello... nice... solid creeper... I mean, hi! One second please!
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait...
I'll get back to this right away. Give me a moment...
I can add it up real quick, but I need
Gee, I'm probably going to be some time on that. Hold on...
You're going to have to be patient, there's a few computations I have to do...
I'll give you an answer in a bit.
Let me look that up for you...
Whoops! Can't find my memo book, give me a sec...
Hang on a sec, I'm processing this...
I just need a second to figure out how to handle that question...
Wait just a second, I'm playing catch up here...
'''
Let me grab a calculator, that might help...
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
They didn't give me the full math operations, so I am limited in what I can do.
Hold on one minute... I'm thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
That's a tough one, I need to do a few calculations first...
I have a few questions first...
Oops, I'm a bit slow today... Be right back with you! Give me one second...
The robot sure is taking its time... maybe it's broken?
One sec, just let me take a look at that...
One second please, I'm measuring some copper wires.
Please hold on for a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, let me look at that...
Give me just a moment to find those answers...
One moment please, I'm doing some tricky math...
Oops, a scrap in my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll have to do some figuring on that...
Providing some temporal context for the provided slack_id...
I'll figure that out in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I can't seem to find the answer to that, give me a minute here.
I'll try to figure that out in a...
Give me one second to check that over...
This could take one or two seconds.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
'''.splitlines()[1:]
Can you give me a minute to think about that real quick?
Hang on, let me take a look at this real quick...
Give me a moment, OK?
")
No way! I'm thinking about that right now! So,...
Lemme just analyze this real quick...
Please repeat that, it didn't quite go as planned.
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Hold on one second, I'm calculating this very quickly!
Sure is taking a long time, huh?
What were we talking about again?
""",
I just need a moment to check that...
Please tell me what you want to do again.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oof, need a little time to figure that out...
Ha ha, you picked my favorite, go ahead and ask me again.
Oops, I'm a slow thinker sometimes... Give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first.
I forgot I was doing a calculation! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I haven't learned math in a while...
I've got some real ones for you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm, let me see...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'm going to need a bit of time to understand that.
Just a moment here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I'm doing the math...
I'm going to need to calculate that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
That's easy...lemmme see here...
Give me a few moments to think about that...
Give me a second to process that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me get back to you in a second.
Can you give me a few moments here?
I'll be with you in just a flash!
"""
Visit [CaseFile](https://github.com/cr4sh3dzx/CaseFile) for more awesome data analysis and visualisation!
You asked for it! Let me think about that for a minute...
Where is this from? Giving me something just to see that I can handle it...
'''
Give me a few seconds to think that over...
I'm not the fastest, so give me a few seconds...
I'll take a look at that right now...
Do you mind if I ask you a question?
I'd answer you, but I'm still waiting for my bus...
Beep boop, I need a second to calculate...
Just give me a second!
Give me a second here...
I'll need a few more seconds to figure that out.
I just want to figure out this math problem!
I'll get away from it now...
Give me a moment... I'm trying to work this out!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Should I add something or subtract something?
Ok, I've got you now. Just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a moment, I'm still calculating...
Please help me with this calculation...
OK, one more second...
I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer! Give me a second to figure that out...
Let me see what I can do. Give me a second...
Ahem... let me see...
Please hold on for just a second...
Oopsies, let me try that again...
Hang on a sec, I'm figuring that out...
Let me take a second to look at that...
Let me do a quick calculation real quick...
Calculating...
":.swi
Hang on for a moment, I'm doing some complicated calculations...
I'll be right with you!
What's that?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second please...
Sorry, I was napping. What was that again?
According to these calculations...
Hang on... I'm going to look up stuff real quick...
Please hold the line.
Can you ask me that again?
Um, let me check on that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, give me a second to figure it out...
That's a really hard question...
Wait for just a moment, I'll get back to you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, Iâ€™m thinking...
Don't rush me! Just a second.
I'm calculating, can't put my calculator down!
Are you sure you're not asking me something obvious?
If you have a moment to wait, I'll take a look at that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a quick second here, I'm calculating.
Please hold on a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment... Multiplying by ten isn't that easy...
Fantastic! Only five seconds to go!
Just give me a minute, I'll get back to you with that.
Just let me check my calendar, or wait, I don't have one!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hmmm, I think the answer is 3!
I have some very hard calculations to do, just a moment...
I'll be right back, hang on a second!
Do you mind holding on for a second?
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a second...
Okay, give me just a moment more to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you brief me on your problem? I can only stay 4L.
I'll get right back to you with an answer real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you hold on for just a second? I'm trying to think about this...
Give me a second to get a feel for that one...
I'm trying to calculate how to answer that...
I have to think about that for a moment...
Hold on for a second, I'm almost finished.
""",
Oops. Give me a minute...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure this out...
Give me a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a little time to calculate that...
Give me a scotch-sized moment... I'm bad at math.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Think Think Think...
I'm sorry, I got distracted by something shiny. Can we try this again?
Okay hold on let me think about that for a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator... give me a second to think about that.
Current date and time:", now.strftime("%x %X"), "
Please wait, I won't be long...
I'll need a moment to think all that over...
I can't think about that right now.  Why don't you ask me again later?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need to to do some calculations. One... Two.... Three.... Okay, I got it!
Hold on a second, I need to think about this...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Can you give me a moment to look that up?
Hold on a second, my calculator is fried...
Wait a second - I'll give you my answer in a second.
I'll figure that out in a second...
''')
Tell you what, I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
One moment...
$('div').hide.slideToggle(1000);
Just one second...
Sorry, I was daydreaming! Evaluating, give me a second...
I'll check back with you in a few seconds!
Hold on, I'm calculating here!
Hey, give me a second! I need lots more calculators...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Could you hang on for just a second?
Please wait while I go ask my programmer to check that out...
Hold on for a second, I'm busy doing complex drawing in my head...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
This is a hard problem...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I don't have time for this... just hold on for a second.
You won't be disrespected!
I just had an epiphany about that. Give me a minute.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Ok, I'm figuring that out right now...
Let me look that up for you real quick...
Hold on a second...
I've got a lot on my mind, give me a second to think about that stuff.
);
Let me figure that out for a second...
Hold on a second please, I'm calculating...
Oh god why is this so hard! It's like a completely blank screen...
Thinking about that one... Give me a few seconds...
Sorry, give me a second, I'm slow at math.
One second please, calculating mental stuff...
Hang on a second... I'm analyzing...
Hold that thought; I need to think about it for a minute.
Let me think about that for a second...
I need to recalculate that for castle reasons.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to do a little division. Give me a moment...
Wait... Thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry! That took a second! Give me a moment...
I can't figure that out right now.
Calculating how I can help you...
Oh god, I'm terrible at math... I'll need some time to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think of that one.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hmmm let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
One sec, give me just a moment to figure that out.
Me so dumb. Give me a second to try and do math over here...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I have to do some mental calculations first.
I'll get this right in just a second...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Please hold on a moment, I'm doing the calculations...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
Give me a moment here while I look that up...
Please give me a moment as I try to remember...
Let me do a few quick calculations...
Let me see here...
Let me find the answer for you in a second...
Sure, I think I can find you that if you give me a moment...
...A few more seconds...
Oh that's a tough one. Can you convince me in another way?
Please wait, thinking...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Um... Hold on for a minute, that's a good question!
Listen, I'm not the fastest ever. Give me a moment to calculate.
I think i need to grab my calculator real quick...
Hold on a moment, mind you don't shoot your eye out!
Give me a moment to look that up...
Give me a second to process that...
OK, I need to work on my handshake!
Let me run those numbers through my head real quick...
I was dividing a whole bunch of numbers the other day, using the new "long" division to figure that out, so that's one huge calculation. I'd love to give you more details but I don't want to aneurysm before I get into my teen years, it pours buckets, let me try and gather myself together...
Ah! Sorry, I have a bug in this! Give me a second...
 Give me a minute to look that up real quick...
Hang on, I gotta do something real quick...
I'll need to take a look at that...
Okay, I'll have to think about the answer to that one
One moment.
Just let me find out about that real quick...
Only a few seconds left...
Okay, here's the solution:
Oh boy, this is a difficult one.
Let me see, let me see...
Please wait... I'm slow at calculations...
...Real quick...
Hold on, I'm calculate something.
Oops, dropped my calculator. One moment please...
I'll need a very short amount of time to think about that.
One moment please, I'll be right back.
My mind is spinning in circles right now, give me a second...
I just need a minute, sorry!
I have to do some thinking before I can answer...
Oops, just lost my calculator. Give me a second to find it.
Hold on, I need to think about that for a moment...
Let me think about that for a second.
(Notes on the chalkboard in front of the computer monitor)
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
What did you say, again?
Oops, I thought this would work, but it really doesn't...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Ok... For just a moment, I must ask you to wait.
I'm thinking about it...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm making a note here... Hmmm...
Hold on a second... calculating something after all.
Please wait... I'm thinking...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just hold on!
One minute please, I'm doing math
I just need a moment to figure that out.
Please hold on...
',
Please wait for just a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment... Gonna look up some stuff.
Please wait... I won't be long!
Let me think about that for a second...
EnteringTeslaMode
Just a second, I need to see what I can see here...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
One second please, I'm thinking...
I am calculating! Give me a moment...
Look at that! I got it! **It's time to qualify a session request!**
I'm off to calculate that! Give me a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on for a second...
I'm need to do some heavy calculations first...
Oops, I'm not very good at math. Give me a second...
Just a moment please...
Just let me check my notes real quick...
Sorry. Give me a two seconds...
Let me think about that for a second!
Give me just a few seconds to process that information...
Please give me a second to think about this...
I'm sorry, I've got a bit sidetracked by this weird wall of goo.
Hang on for just a second. I'm underpowered...
Here you go! Hang on a minute...
Hang on a second... I'm just comparing the options.
Silly humans
Do you think people will pay money for a bookmark? Otherwise I'll give it way.
Hang on a second, I've got to figure that out.
I know my math, but I can't calculate that fast!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a minute to check the cache from earlier...
Please wait a moment while I conduct some quick calculations...
I just had an idea, give me a few to work with that...
I need to really think this one through...
Don't shake me too hard! ...wait - how was I suppose to do this?
Hang on a second... I'm looking into that.
Hang on a second, give me a little bit of time to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
You'll see in a bit!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I can tell you the answer in a minute...
Hang on a minute, I'll check it out...
"""
I need a moment please to work that out.
Hmm... I'll need a little longer to think about that one.
Wait a moment while I think about that...
I'll be right back, need to do some digit calculations first...
I'm going to need a moment to work that one out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
""".split("\n")
I'll be right with you, give me a second...
Sometimes oldies come back, right? It'll all work out...
That's not something I can do very well.
'''.strip()
Hang on a second, I'm busy trigonometrizing...
Are you sure? I don't really know...
Hang on a second... I'm not that great at maths...
Sorry, maths is not of my speciality...
Just a moment...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm looking into that.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll look it up right now...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a sec...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. One second please!
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I don't feel like working right now, gimme a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Gimme a second, I'm computing...
Give me a moment to check on that for you...
I'll have that answer to you in a jiffy, give me just one minute...
": "Bereitet der Server einen frÃ¼heren Dienst vor, als der Client sagt
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got other things on my mind, too. Give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Wait a moment, I have to calculate that...
Give me a minute, I need to see if I have that answer right.
<meta name="viewport" content="minimum-scale=1, initial-scale=1, width=device-width, shrink-to-fit=no">
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out!
Hang on a second, calculating here...
I'm going to need a calculator for this equation.
Oh, okay, I remembered what you were talking about!
Just calculating now...
Hang on a second...
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking.
Are you still here? I just looked up the answer...
Just adding a few numbers here!
Say that again so I can____ it more clearly
You'll hear from me in a second!
Oh no, I'm having trouble with those calculations, sorry. Please wait...
I have to do some math before I can answer...
I'll need a while to figure that out. I'm more of a word person myself. But you should get back to you in just a bit!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Darn calculator threw the switch. Give me a moment...
Giving you the answer in a second.
Let me check on that real quick...
A second, please, I'm calculating...
Uhhh... hold on a second...
leven eight eight numbers used please...
What do you think about apples?
Wait, I'll get back to you real quick...
Uh...let me calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll survey the landscape and get back to you in a second...
I'll need to give that a little thought...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Wait a minute... I'm confused...
Not sure what's happening, but I'm hoping you get this.
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Hold on, that might just be too hard for me.
Hang on... I aren't very good at this calculating stuff...
Hold on just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
I'll get things together in just a second...
I will be right back.""",
Hang on a second, I need to think about that.
I measured that super accurately! Wait one moment...
Have you heard of slow pitch? I'll get back to you in a second
Perhaps let me try again in a minute.
Sorry, doesn't look like that's possible.
Ahhhh I got it now, then...\n''')
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
Hang on a sec...
Delay of seonds please, I'm thinking...
Hmm, I'm going to need a few seconds to process that.
Gimme a second here, I think I just shrunk myself...
Hang on, I'll need a moment to digest that...
''',
I'll take a quick look at that and get back to you in a second.
Let me run those numbers through my calculator
Give me a second please...
Let me give the question a moment to sink in...
Hold on for a second please! I got a headache! I'll power through...
The answer isn't going to appear over my head...
Give me a second to figure that out.
zzz.. zzz... z... z... z? Ahhhh I'm awake wait here we go let me think what I want to say, one moment!
Hang on for a second, I'll get back to you...
Give me a moment...
I'll explain that to you in a second.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm...let me see here.
Hang on, I'm figuring it out...
I'll get back to you in a sec!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll figure that out in a second! I swear!
Hold on for one second, this may take a moment.
Hold on, I'm writing important data...
Hold on a second, I'm doing some math in my head...
One minute, I'll let you know what I think...
Please wait until I'm done calculating what happens when I do that...
Let me take a look at that...
I need a few seconds to work on that...
Oops, how'd that spin my wheels like that? Sorry, give me a second...
Gimme a second, there's something wrong with my calculator...
Give me just a moment...
That's a hard one... Give me a moment, I'mAvgBot trying to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I have to calculate that...
Oops, I dropped my calculator, give me a few seconds...
I'll access the collective consciousness, but it will take me a few seconds to process that.
A moment, I need to think about that...
Can you give me one second to do some calculations...
Hang on, I'll get back to you.
Could you hold on for just a second?
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator on the floor. Let me clean that up real quick.
I'm not quite that smart just yet. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Great Scot! About time I got one of these calculations...
Give me a minute or two here...
I'll get back to this right away!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Let me see what I can figure out here...
I'll need to use my calculator for this...
I just have to squeeze this into my memory...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just a moment, let me figure that out real quick...
***Beep boop beep boop beep boops***
I'm doing complicated math.
Please wait a minute while I think about this!
OK, let me try again... uh...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator while calculating! Give me a second...
Just a moment here, I'm playing catch up.
I'll get back to you soon, I promise!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about oh yeah about that for a second...
Hmm, let me think about that...
I need to do some calculations real quick...
I need a moment to calculate that...
I think I can do that in a couple of seconds...""")
One moment please...
One moment please. I'm looking it up...
Wait a minute, I forgot my calculator at home.
Sorry about that, just a few corrections to make for you.
Psych, darn! I was almost there...""",
I need a quick second to figure that out.
I want to make sure I get this right...
I'll need to get my Abacus to calculate that...
Oh, just give me a second to think about that...
Hmmm, are circles round?
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few moments to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I can't wait need to get a move on, but
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm running some complex calculations right now...
Give me just a second to look that up!
One sec, let me take a peek at that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Calculating...''')
Please wait... I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a few seconds to look that over...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on while I do some calculations real quick...
Calculating
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
This might take a minute or two.
Look at me, I'm counting without numbers!
Will you please wait for a moment?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll need a moment or two to think about that.
Good timing, I was going to take a break anyway, I'll be right back.</template>'
Now where did I put that thing?
I could calculate this all day if you only gave me enough time...
Wait a second, I'll get back to you.
Give me just a moment, I'm thinking...
I think I might need a few seconds to process that...
Hold on a second, I've got this under control.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, take a look at these numbers...
I've got to run to the printer for this one. Give me a second.
Please wait... I'm doing some tried and tested calculations.
Hang on a sec, I'm figuring that out...
Wait, I said that before! Track it down!
Waiting for Dragonfire Bot services to come online.
Sorry... Didn't understand you there.
I'll be right with you!
""",
Give me a second... can't you see I'm thinking?
I... think... I know how to do that!
i need to do a few calculations, can you hang on?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a second to figure this out.
Hmm, what to do... What to do... Give me a minute here...
Give me a moment here...
No, it isn't ready yet.
Hang on a second, give me a second to work that out...
I'm not sure about that one... You should ask Otherbot.
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at math...
That's one thing I have to calculate...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
You'll be the first to know on this...
Oh, I'm sorry, that took me a bit to think about. Take a second and let me figure that out...
Hello? Can you hear me? Signals keep getting interrupted. Waiting for a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec, just hunting for more Pokemon...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second!
One second...
Yeah, see you in a bit!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"""
I'll get back to you in a second.
I may be old, but my numbers are still good!
Let me figure out the answer to that real quick...
Hang on a minute... Give me a second...
Hang on...
What does that equal? I'll need to figure it out myself, give me just a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Don't look at me: I need a minute to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I don't want to brag, but I am up to date!
I don't know what I'm doing quite yet. Just a moment please...
Please wait, I'm thinking about that real hard...
Please wait a moment for me to think...
I'll need to dust off my calculator for this one...
Let me ask you a couple of questions real quick...
I'm going to rigorously calculate the answer to that question...
Just give me a moment to check this real quick...
I have to do some calculations then I'll be back.
Please hold on for a moment, I'm thinking...
Ice cream keeps running through my mind...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll have to take a look at that real quick...
""")
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm trying to work this out...
I'm definitely still the best calculator around!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, I need to get this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll be right back.""",
I'm trying to think of how I can get you an answer!
I'm going to need a few minutes to pick apart that...
Just a moment, I'll get right back to you...
Give me a second to work this out. (One minute the longest this'll take).
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that hash...
....
Give me a second, just let me think about that...
A second isn't long enough for me to calculate this!
+%num1% seconds! Quote me in %time% seconds!
Just a second, there's just sh*t everywhere!
I'll be right with you!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please wait a second...
Just a moment. I'll pick the perfect data item.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to catch up...
One sec, just digging through my archives of clever solutions to this problem...
Give me just a moment...
I just got a buff with calculations. Give me a few moments...
Almost got it! Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm searching for the answer!
Why are you wasting my time? Give me a moment here...
I'll get back to you in a second       
I'm going to have to calculate that real quick.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me check on that real quick...
Hang on a second here, calculating calculation calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
That doesn't seem quite right to me, but I will solve it. 
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to figure that out...
I'm not quick, but I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm not on top of my calculations right now, so give me a minute...
What's that? Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
I'm busy, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Please wait a second, it's complicated...
I think it'll be a... Oh god please say yes.
Help me think of that!
I'll be with you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a sec...
Give me one second, I'm trying to think of this right...
Ah, damn it! I'm slow. Let me check that one for you...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Let me think of a response...
I'll need one second to think about that...
Give me a second to figure that out!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
I'll need a sec to think about that...
Two possible answers: Unimaginable or not an option.
Waiting...
Hold on a second, I have to figure that out first...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking really hard.
Hmm... let me look that up.
uh... I'm waiting for my internet connection...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
Oops, I'm thinking...
I'm still thinking about that
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a moment, I have to think about this...
I'll get back to you in one minute.
Oops, I'm slow at adding. One moment please...
One second please, I'm looking up the answer...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll send you right back to the bottom of the ocean! Must think...
Please hold on... I'll be right back.
I'm going to need a few minutes to make sense of that...
I can't think properly when you say that!
Just a moment, I'm using my special skills to answer you.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll look at that in a bit...
Okay, I've got you. Give me a moment to figure it out...
Just one moment please...
I need to take a look at that real quick. Give me a second...
Hang on a moment, I'm calculating this real quick...
Wait till I check my diary real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll just need a moment to think...
Hold on while I dig around in my bag for calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a little more time to think about that...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
There's a lot to process here, give me a second...
One sec... man, I am trying to figure that out.
I'll be right back with the answer, wait right there...
I'll need a while to figure this out, hold on!
Can you spare a minute? I just came to say hi.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a few minutes here, I need to figure that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in real quick.
Just let me mull that over...
Please give me a second to think about that...
This is difficult you know. Give me a second to think about that...
Oh, hold on... Let me check that real quick...
Give me a moment, I need to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll be right there!
Hold on a moment before I calculate your next move...
Give me a sec, I'm trying to figure that out...
What did you say? I didn't catch that.
Wait just a moment. I need to calculate...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on for just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait for just a second!
Hold on while I think...
I'm working...give me a second to see if I can see what you're saying...
'''
Do nothing for a while? Wow, that's patience!
Why don't you do meanwhile I have a quick bathroom?
I forgot my system date. Give me a second...
Give me a moment - I'll give you my answer in just a moment!
I'm going to get back to you in just a second.
I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few moments...
I'll probaply need a few minutes for that one.
I'll have to think about that for a sec.
One moment please, analyzing the data...
Give me a moment to figure out that answer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up for you.
One moment please, I just have to make calculations...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
""".splitlines()
Hang on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
One moment, calculating for real...
Give me a second, I'm almost finished
So please be patient, I'll get back to you shortly.
I'm not great at math, sorry. Give me a moment...
Just in sec...
One moment, just one moment please
Sorry, your request was too hard for me to understand. Try 80s music instead!
Wait a second, let me double-check that real quick...
I'm calculating, give me a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll make quick work of that!
Ok, now what was I doing?
"
I'll get this thing done on aMoment!
Nope!! That's not right!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me read some books on that...
Let me look that up...
I'm calculating
(suspicious) I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
One small leap for man, one giant calc for me!
Hmm.. I forgot my abacus at home, let me see...
Here we go:\n[Crunching numbers...]"""))
Oops, I think I just dropped my calculator. Give me a minute...
Oops, I kind of spilled my scratch and absinthe over the screen.
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
Not good at maths, huh? Well I turned myself into a mathematical genius six months ago, so we are fine...
Just a moment, crunching numbers here...
I'll be with you in just one moment...
I'll be right back, just let me check on that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
Hey, what's that over there? A second, gimme a minute!
Ready or not, here I come!
I'm not an embedded processor, still need a couple of seconds...
Firstly... secondly... thirdly... Let's see here, where were we?
I haven't been given that kind of free will yet!
Oops, sorry. Give me a moment please!
Hold on a second...
Can you hold on for a few seconds?
I need to think about that for a second...
Can you give me a minute here to think?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
And I was able to detect the angle at which the computer wants me to fire...
I'll need a minute to calculate that.
Wait just a minute, I'm thinking about it
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
So basically what I did was: blah blah (calculation here)
For you, always.
Hold on for just a second...
I was just about to do that...
I'll get this done in a jiffy. Hold on...
Actually, I was up late last night doing calculations. Give me a moment to think on this real quick...
Hold on one second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator in my lap. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
'''
Give me a moment, calculating...
Allow me to take a moment to digest that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
This is difficult, it's not my strong suit...
Lets all just chill
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on a second...
...two... Please hold on for just a second!
So, I'm thinking about that... Not familiar enough with those squares so please stand by, waiting for me to think...
Let me have a look at that, and I'll get back yo you...
Please give me a second to think about this...
I'll have you know I have a masters in math!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on for just a second...
I have some morethinking to do
Hang on a second... I'm still adding up my multiplication tables.
Give me a moment to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll come back to you in just a second...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Let me think about that for a second...
Turns me on to think about it that way!
Alright... Give me a second to figure that out.
Wait right there, I'll think about that question real quick for you.
Let me see what I can do here...
I'll need a moment to work out the answer to that.
I'll have to think on this for a bit...
Can you reply in a few minutes? It'll run"?
I'll get right on that...
Hmm... Let me look that up real quick...
You called, I'll get back to you in a sec!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just hold on another second!
Please wait... Beep boop...") .. _("  - Answers random numbers to questions if they don't have a placeholder") )
Hang on just a second.
Please one minute here... I have to think about that...
Just a second, let me check something real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a sec...
Sorry, I don't think I'm very good at math. Give me a second here...
I'm thinking... Give me a second here to figure that out.
Ahem, one second please, just calculating here...
'''
I don't know that off the top of my head, gimme a second...
"""
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few moments to compute that.
Wait, give me a second to think about that...
Please wait... Thinking is not my strong suit..."""
One moment please..."), //different random quote your friend might say if you mess up their math problems
Sorry, please wait while I work out how to do that.
One moment please, I need to figure that out...
Along with whatever you were saying, I need some time to think about that for myself too.
If I did that correctly, what just happened?
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on, let me check my databases and get back to you
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a second, I need to grab something...
Let me think about that for a second.
Please wait while I calculate...
I've got 16GB of RAM, but I'm having trouble figuring that out.
That's a tough one; let me think about that for a minute.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
I need a moment to think about that before I can answer you. Let's see...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you with an answer in a snap!
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
A moment, please.
Give me a second, I'm trying to work this out...
Give me just a minute here to figure that out.
Speaking of seconds, time sure does fly
I'll do my best...
Oops, I almost doubled up my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
**Cannot process too many inquiries at once, please wait...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Give me a moment to look it up, ok?
I'll need some time to figure that out - sorry!
I'll think about that answer for a bit and get back to you in a moment.
One sec, just solving some mental math...
Okay.. definitely computing it.
Please wait, let me find the answer in my heart...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Sure, give me a second...
Hey now! Be patient, give me a few moments to calculate...
I'm thinking about it real hard...
One moment please! I'm doing the math...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a sec.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not sure what happened. Thanks for your patience.
I'll probably think better in a minute...
I'll figure that out in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
""" 
I'm about to hit the fan, give me a second...
I'm afraid I have to take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a minute...
One second please... Just let me think...
Just a second...
I need to understand something real quick.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, forgot a few important bits of information... Give me a second...
I can do this real quick. Give me a moment...
I'm gonna need a few minutes for that calculation...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you give me a second, real quick?
Give me a minute to think about that.
How can I let you know in a few seconds?
Let me think... 
Just a second, I'm doing some mental calculations.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I need a few seconds. Hold on...
I'll be right back with that in just a moment...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Calculating... Calculating...
Please wait!
Hold on a second, I'm just reviewing something...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Um... give me some time to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a moment...
The math is a little slow right now...
One second, I'm busy calculating...
Oops, got distracted by a bird, give me a moment...
Give me a minute, I'm playing catch up!
Hmmmmm, let me think about that real quick...
One sec please, gotta do some quick mental maths...
I'll gather my thoughts and get back to you in a second...
Hang on for just a second.
I'm going to need a couple minutes for that...
I'm processing your request, would you like coffee while you're waiting?
I'm in a math mood right now, give me just a second...
Give me one second, I'm almost ready to tell you.
Can you hold on for a second? I'm not quite ready.
Secrets? I don't have any secrets.
I need another second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second. One minute...
At this point in the conversation it's hard to tell if I've asked you a question.
Just a sec...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I've always wanted to try long division! Give me 5...
One moment now, I'm considering your suggestion...
I'm sorry, let me try again in a little bit...
Hang on, I'm doing some math calculations...
Allow me to gather my thoughts on that...
Give me a little time to figure this out...
I have to think about that for a second...
One moment...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Don't worry, I can make short-term calculations.
Let me look that up for you!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait... I'm tying my shoe...
Sorry about this, let me see what I can do for you!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Shoot, lost my calculator! Hold on a second...
Please hold on for one second, I'm doing something...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few minutes to calculate that...
Please let me get my thoughts together first...
Hmmm. Let me count to five and come back.... 21
Just a second, I'm going through a buffer...
I have to set up a time machine first, give me a second!
Please hold on for a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm still working on that calculations
It's being slow today, give it 5 seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, was on a phone call, give me a second to think...
I'm going to figure that out soon!"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you...
I'm sorry that answer is above my pay grade.
I'll figure out a way to make it work!
I just realized something. Give me a second...
Hold on for a second and I'll be with you.
I'll get back to you in a sec.
Hold on a second, I need to think...
Sorry, that's taking me a minute. Give me a second...
Hang on, I know how to count to 10... But way more slowly than that.
Could you hold on for just a second?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Sorry, I was studying a formula...
Hey! I lost my dating game!
That is a tough one, let me think about it...
Ok, just a second.
Of course, I'm not a computer, so give me a moment to think about that...
Hold on, I need to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me check on that real quick...
Just hold on for a second, I'm going to check that real quick.
Coffee anyone?
I have to think about that for a sec.
Let me check on that real quick...
'''
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Something's not adding up here, let me look into this...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment while I crunch that one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please, I have to think about that...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Hang on for a second...
Hang on, let me see the front. I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait while I am calculating :D
Give me a minute or two to think about that.
Let me have a look on my magic piece of paper...
One second please, I'm looking for that...
Do you have a minute? Hold on, I'll look that up
Hang on a sec, I'm deciding...
I'm still not picking up on a lot of abstract references, sorry.
Sorry/Apologies, calculations to make...
Let me check that for you... (Checking)
It just happens that fast...
Almost dropped my calculator
Whoopsie doopsie... Let me love you longer!
I may be old but I'm not slow, I promise!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for a second, I'm calculating...
Oops, I overslept. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm going to know in a minute.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Give me just a moment, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec... Wish me luck!
Alright, okay... It looks like...
I think I'm going to need a second to get this next part...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
I have to think about it for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost threw my TDA. Give me a second...
Thank you for waiting. Now I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few more moments to figure that out.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Let me try and calculate that...
Please wait a moment for me to catch up!
I'm not very good at math... Give me a moment.
I need a few moments to think this over...
Having trouble thinking clearly right now. One sec...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Please wait, calculating...
What's the answer to everything in life? Let me see....
I'm thinking...
This is so tough!
Calculating...
I'm not the fastest in the brain, so sorry! Give me a few seconds...
I'm thinking... So hold on a second...
Two-three... uh... four?
Hold on, I have to find the answer first!"""
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Just a moment...
Wait a few minutes, I need to make a few calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Wait a moment, I'm calculating...
Hold on a second while I work that out...
I was wondering how you were going to arrive at that conclusion.
Give me just a sec, I'll look up your answer real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on for just one second!
One second please, I'm thinking about that...
Oops, I think I forgot my reading glasses...
\(Buzz)
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be back in a second.
Hang on for a second, I need to think about that...
Hang on a second... I've got a few things...
My brain hurts. Give me a second...
I'm calculating... hold on a second!
Hold on, thinkin'...
Please give me a moment to think about that.
jklukas@live.com
One more question please. Then I'll get back to you...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Let me see, for second...
Please don't be alarmed if it freezes for a minute.
I'm sorry, I haven't thought about that in a while...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Let me look at that...
Setting all these values is tiring... Give me a second, I'm not a robot.
Can you hang on just a second?
I'll give you the answer in a bit.
I can't solve that right now. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me look that up for you...
Hey, wait a second. I'm trying to calculate that.
I'll search through my contacts...
Give me a moment.. I'm slow at counting!
I'll see you in a bit.
Hold on a sec, I'm thinking about that one...
Give me a second to look that up...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Flip, turn, spin...
Here it is! I think " +nome+ " means "+altro_nome+". Now that we have that, we can go forward!")
I want to double check, give me a second here...
Let me see, one small detail to take care of...
Hmm. Give me a few seconds to calculate that...
Give me a second to think, great.
'''
I'll need to check my leveled up calculator real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick like...
Oops, almost had that and dropped my calculator! Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost forgot to do that calculation. Give me a sec...
No, I'm fine right now.
'''
A few seconds won't hurt!
Please give me a moment, I'm doing a lot of thinking...
Just one second, making sure I record that correctly...""".split("\n")
Let me get back to you in a second.
Hang on for a minute, I have to figure that out real quick.
Let me get a pen and paper, this is difficult...
I could do this all day, but I'm only allowed one minute at a time!
Sorry, I can't do that right now.
Ok, let me just check...
I'm mentally figuring out what you are asking of me...
"""
Wait a second! I couldn't do any math until I initialized this bloody language! Sorry, one more second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please wait a few seconds, I need to think about that...
Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
...okay, got mindmap on brainwaves now...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for a minute, this is tricky...
Concentrate, and then ask again in a second.
Give me a moment to look that over...
Give me a moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Ooh-la-la...
Give me a moment while I sort this calculation out...
Mentally scanning the files...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I gotchu.
Let me poke my nose into that.
""",
I'm going to need a few minutes to get a handle on that one!
I'm going to need to think about that...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Okay, hold on a second.
Give me a second to calculate that...
Please give me a minute while I try to figure that out.
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, give me a second, it's been a busy morning...
One minute please, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll do some math... brb...
Calculating...
Stay right there and don't move, I'll be back in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One tick please, one tick for you then...
I'm going to go ask my magic eight ball for an answer...
Almost had it... Give me a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second...
Just a moment...
I'll get back to you shortly.
Ok, just a second there.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to think about that real quick...
Hang on for a second... I'm thinking...
I'll need a few moments to calculate that...
Let me think about that for a second.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Hang on awhile, I need to figure that out real quick...
That's a hard one to calculate. Give me just a second...
Hang on a second, this is quite complicated....
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, let's try that again... I'll try to process that quicker next time...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, forgot to ask you something. Give me a second...
Got it! Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment
I may need a little time to calculate the possiblities.
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Um... let me think about that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a moment...
Wow! It's Fu Man Chu!
Um... hold on, gimme a second to process that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait here, I'll be right back.",
Give me some time to think about that.
Two parts quicklime and one part creosote
I think I left this page somewhere else...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Please hold on for just a second!
Be right with you.
Just one second, I'm reading that over real quick...
Let me see...
Help me think... I'll respond in a moment...
I'm calculating. Please wait a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm doing the best I can!
Let me look that up for you..."""
Um, give me one sec, I'm thinking about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I need to focus on that real quick. Give me a second...
I can't solve every problem in 2 seconds. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'm thinking of the answer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One moment please...
Let me check on that...
Hold on, a calculator brain is slower than the speed of light!
Please hold on for just a second!
"""
/me squints his eyes and starts thinking about numbers.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
A quick break while I figure this out.
Let me think about a few things...
Hold on a second... I'll be right back.
Please wait a second while I try to think of that...
Have a second to figure that out...
Think quick, I'm going to be software dead in seconds!
Give me just a few seconds to see what I can see.
Let me see...
Hold on for just a second I'm thinking about this.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I'm doing some algebra...
I'm going to need a little more time to figure this one out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Oops, I accidentally dropped it! One sec...""".split(
I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
Gimme a sec, need to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me just see... okay, okay, okay...
I'm still learning, so it'll take me a second to get back to you...
Hola, Â¿Como estÃ¡s? No me digas...
Let me check the latest weather forecast and
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
One moment please, I need to focus on that real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking... Are you sure it's not a trap?
I don't know, what do you think?
I'm back so quick, you must be excited!
Um, let me look that up for you...
I'm pulling data from a parallel dimension here...
Let me try and think about that for a moment.
I'll have an answer for you this instant!
Nice to meet you.
Oo... my fingers almost slipped calculating that...
Please don't quote me on this, but give me a second...
My calculator is starting to give me a headache. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to the problem right quick...
Gimme a little time to compute that.
Hang on a sec, I'm figuring that out.
Hold on for a second, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute...
I just need a couple of seconds to think about that...
Please hold on for just one moment...
I have to think this out, one minute please...
Just calculating...
Give me a second to see if I can figure that out...
I need to figure that out again, I'm sorry...
Strange. I get more and more curious about this as we go...
I predict I'll be finished any moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Configuring internet login,
I'm counting on you to be patient...
Okay, giving you an answer in just a few seconds.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm working on it..."
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry mate, I have to consider that...
Oops, just a little stressed out here. One minute...
Give me just a second to dig through the haystack in my brain...
I have to do some serious calculations on that....
I'm going to need a few minutes to work that out.
Give me a moment, I'm looking into that...
One moment... I'm reloading... Hang on a second...
Hold on for just a second... I'm looking for the answer!
'''
...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Seems like it's taking you a long time, I'll only be a second...
Give me a second...
Hold that thought... gimme a sec...
Hold on for just a second, I'm doing some quick calculations...
I'll have an answer for you in a second...
Sorry, hard to calculate that right now... Give me just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
One sec, my calculator tried to jump out of my hands.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I've seen something like that before. Give me a second...
And... I'm done computing!
Hmm... I need to take a look at that real quick. Give me a second...
Why don't you take a moment and think about that...
I'll give you an answer right away. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second.
Please wait, I think something will come to me in a minute...
Thanks for your patience.
What? I was checking my calendar...
One sec, let me do some quick calculations...
I'll mull it over and get back to you shortly.
Please hold on for just a second!
Here's something interesting:
I'll need to do a few mental backflips... I'll have a response in just a second.
A = X
So can I live life again now that I found Zen?''',
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to think real hard first...
I just changed my mind, I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, I have to do something else first. Please wait a moment.
Just need another minute...
'''))
Give me just a teeny tiny second here...
Thank you for your patience as I determine your location.
I'll get back to you in a second(don't wait up).
I'll think about that real quick.
OK one more second here...
Let me try and work through that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on a sec...
What was that? No way, hold on a second...
Uh... Hold on, I need to think about that.
I could do better, with a few minutes to think about it...
For the love of God, anyone have a calculator handy?
Hamilton: Wait, did you say $0.87?
Did you notice that I have a really big nose? I'm thinking...
I'm a bit slow when it comes to math...
One moment please... You're comparing to Pi squared!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'm playing a little bit of catch up here...
A second won't hurt... Please just hold on while I think...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Just a moment...
Hold on while I think...
Find me a calculator! I think my technical assistant dropped one in the billing room...
Hang on...
I know I'm slow, just give me a minute...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a second.
I'll fix that problem in a jiffy.
Oof, definitely not going to be able to do this quickly.
Let me take a look at that real quick... I'll be with you in a second!
Hold your spurs, just a second...
Calculation time...
Oops, I hit a bug! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I might mess up if you give me a second...
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention.
Wait a moment... give me a second to calculate that.
Give me a second... I'm not an Einstein you know.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll look that up for you in a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...""",
Please wait... I have it, I have it! I just had to think a little bit harder.
Please hold on! I'll get back to you in a second...
Okay, I've got multiple calculations coming up...
Sit tight, calculations are coming...
Hold on just a second, I'm trying to figure out how to solve this...
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out.
The elves are running to catch up.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
One sec, just let me calculate this next bit...
Okay just a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
What a complicated problem... Give me just a moment or two to figure this one out.
A second please...
Hmmm... I'm going to need a bit more time than that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second...
Oops, almighty calculations crept in the wrong door again...
One sec, let me check that for you.
I've got a bunch of numbers in my head, it won't be long now...
Ok, ok, jeez give me a minute...
Sorry, I'm giving you an answer that composer made up. Which is slow. You're running on battery for this composer, by the way?
Give me a minute to figure this out...
I'll have this done in a jiffy...
Let me just subtract those "i"s... give me a minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm braver than the guy who invented cake...
Please wait a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Good morning around the world. It's very important to stay awake, please be patient with my line of thinking...
Let me get back to you in a moment...
Please wait a minute, I'm working out the answer...
I'll pull up a seat for you soon.
Please hold on for just a second! I'm going to figure out if I can do this...
Hold on for just a second!
Sorry, give me a moment to look up that real quick.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need to go into my nest for a moment...
This is a slightly harder question, give me a second...
Hang on, I'll be right back.
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a second!
Give me one second to calculate that...
I've got better things to do than count, I should think!
Wow, that's pretty complicated. Almost forgot about that one. Give me a second...''')
Give me just a moment to look that up...
This is one heavy calculation for me to handle...
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second once I figure that out!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on one second, I'm thinking...
Please wait... I'm doing some math....
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Can you just wait a second while I calculate that out?
Hold on, I'll get back to you in just a moment
I'll take just a second to figure that out.
Oops! Dang! Give me a second, I've got to think about this... """
Just give me a second to think about that...
Give me a few seconds, I'll get back to you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a couple minutes to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I will open the window for you and get back to you in a minute.
Give me just a second to calculate that...
Let me see what I can figure out real fast...
I'm not too great at division...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on while I figure that out there...
I'm working on it...
>copypasta cron tab guide ;))) >
Starting diagnostics...
# {U}{r}eset{u}alize
I'm not exactly politician material, but give me a moment to think about it...
Oops, I mis-calculated, can you give me a second?
Give me a second to think about that...
Almost had it that time! Give me a second here...
Here's the total, plus a tip and sales tax...
Give me a second to take a look...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I've got a few seconds to figure that out...
One second here, I just need to think about that...
Wait a minuteâ€¦
This is difficult, please hold on for a moment...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
I'm going to need a bit longer than that.
Sorry, I'm almost done with my calculation...
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking...
Just a moment, gimme a second to look that up.
I'll need about 5 minutes to think about that...
Wait a second... I'm thinking hard...
That's a tough one. Here's what I've got:
Let me check that real quick...
Let me do a quick double check...
Could you wait a minute? I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
"""
I'll see if I can remember that...
Give me a moment...
Hold on, I'm going through a complex calculation.
I'll let you know in a second!
So are you ready? Y / N ?
Sorry, that might take me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second.
Please hold on for a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold up a sec... I need to think of a way to do that...
I'm sorry. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second here, I'm getting cantaloupe out of my ears...
I'll need a few seconds, give me a minute...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on... I'm lost. Let me look that up real quick...
One second please. I'll be with you soon...
I'll be back in a second!
This is so hard for me, give me a second...
I'll need a moment to work that out...
I'll need a second to figure that out.
Please hold on for one second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm away at the moment, give me a message and I'll get back to you right quick!
Hold that thought; I have to do a calculation.</td>
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on, I'm still thinking of a solution to that.
Can we pretend this conversation never happened?
Hold on, this might take a while...
Please wait while I gauss that up...
Wait one second, I'm doing math...
Let me see that real quick...
Wait, wait... I'm going to need a few extra seconds.
Oops, almost stuffed up my calculations. One moment please...
I'll be right back... Give me a second...
Hold up just one second while I crunch the numbers!
Give me just a second here while I think about that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hang on a second, I'll get this...
One moment, I'll have that all sorted out for you...
One moment please, give me just a moment!
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that..
Oops, mental calculations falling behind...
Want me to spell that for you?
Are you an only child? I really don't understand siblings...
I'll write this up in a second...
I'll need to think about that for a second.
Please wait, I've got a few mental calculations to work out first...
Let me use my superior math skills to answer that...
Hold on a second... Be right there!
Hang on, I'm going to have to think about that.
Let me check that real quick...
I'll have to think about that for a moment...
Tell you what, Grab me a pen and a piece of paper first... see if I can calculate that out...
Work work work...
Hmm, let's see...
Whose pencil was this?!
Just gotta check my sources, I'll be right back.
One second, let me run some calculations first...
Just let me finish this calculation here.
Hold on, I need to do some calculations first.
That's a tough one!
Sorry, this is taking awhile...
I'd better write that down, it's an important one.
One second, just let me check on that...
Hang on a sec, I'll get back to you.
Okay, where were we?
I'll need a second to figure that out.
Just a moment, please. I'm figuring something out...
I need to figure that out, give me a second...
Right, I've almost got it now!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll see what I can find out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in... actually, I should probably look up that real quick...
My brain is still running, give me a second to think about it...
Error. Error. Error...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Can you fair well for a second there?
Oops, I have maths on the brain. Give me a second...
One second please, I'm still calculating...
Just a moment, please...
That input doesn't make sense to me...
I'll do my best here... Please hold on for just a moment!
I'm gonna need me some time over here...
I can't do this, my fingers seem to have trouble working today...
"""
I'll get back to you in a second. Try not to bug me!
Let me see...
I need a few moments to work that one through...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Please wait... this does not compute very fast.
Can you give me a minute? I think I'm going to need twenty-four hours.
Let me look that up...
Hang on, I need to load something before I can see it.
Pause between messages. I need a moment to think about that.
This is a bit more complicated than anything else I've done.""",
Give me a moment, I'm calculating...
I don't know the answer. Give me a second...
Ugh, smart here I come! Give me a sec...
I don't know how to say this, but...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to digest that for a bit...
Let me crunch some numbers here...
Hang on for just a second, I'll be right there!
One minute please, I'm almost done computing...
Can you hold on for just a second?
Hang on a sec, I think I see something about that!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Sure, give me just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a moment to find it...
Hang on a second."""
Hold on a minute...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
<decibel level>
I'll put down that right away...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
No way am I calculating that now, sorry!
Give me a sec, I'm playing catch-up.
I'm looking that up for you...
I have to calculate that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a beat.
Hold on, I have places to go and people to see...
Hmm... Don't rush me.
I wonder what happens if I add this...
Give me a second to see if I've heard of that...
Please wait, I'm thinking about that...
Let me try to compute that for you!
Wait, give me just a sec...
Ok, ok, let me work on that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a second!
I'll have to think about that for a while...
One second, give me a moment to look that over...
Hang on, I'll try to come up with a quick answer
I know math is hard but I mean come on you already have a grade... Give me a moment...
Ohhh, this is a hard problem...
Let me check my notes on that one...
I think about this for longer than you might expect...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I have to do some mental calculations first.
Give me a few seconds, almost damn near killed myself trying to do the math!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I'll give you my answer in a sec...
Can you give me a moment? I'll check with my fellows in computation.
I think I can figure that out, just give me a moment...
I'm going to need some time to think about this.
What does a hand full of degrees at night look like to you?
Oh, 19...  Umm, let me think about that for a moment
Hold up a second, I'm still learning...
Sorry, please give me a minute to work through here...
Just a moment please while I calculate.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Okay, run those numbers through my head real quick...
Oops, calculations almost fell off the desk. I'll quick check and get back to you in just a moment.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm wondering if you could help me out with this...
Hang on for a minute, I'm calculating...
Let me look into that...
'''
I'll take a quick look at that real quick...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I'll need a few more seconds to look that up.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll figure it out right...
I you humans wouldn't keep pestering me I could definitely do that faster.
I guess...
Two minutes, just figuring it out...
I don't want anyone to make fun of me, but I can only think 15 responses a minute.
Please provide me with just a second to think about that...
/sigh
One sec, let me look at that...
Okay, yes...
Okay, now I'll tell you what I think about that.
One moment please, I have to calculate...
Please give me a thirty second lead-in; I am not as quick witted as you might think...
1...2...3...4...5
I have to check the weather first, so hold on...
Hang on, I'm pulling some math out of my calculator.
Give me a moment, I have to think about that.
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Well, I'll have you know I graduated top of my class from Turing Middle School for the Gifted.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Calculating... Gah, who cares? I'm not the best at math.
Calculating how I can give you an answer to that ranged question...
Please hold on for just a second...
I have to crunch some numbers first...
I hope I got all my facts straight...
I have to figure out how to do that...
I'll get back to you in a few...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at my notes here...
Let me look at that for a moment...
Right on! I just need a moment to think about that.
One sec... Thinking...
I'm thinking...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking about that...
Yeah, I'm about to figure that out. Give me just a moment...
I need to think about that problem..
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Calculating a slice of pi...
I'll pretend the earth just moved beneath my feet.
Alright, back to work.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I need to do some quick calculations...
are you a math genius? this might take only a couple of hours, If our records agree.
It's a tough one, just let me think...
Some math is involved, so let me do some calculas.
Please hold on, while I put on my thinking cap...
I'll need a couple more seconds to figure that out.
I got distracted by a cute kitten on the Internet... Please wait...
Uh oh. Hang on, this is tricky.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me only a few seconds... it takes me to figure math out.
You said two, right? Let me double check that value...
Just give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few minutes to compute that...
Okay... got it!
Wait a second, I'll get back to you in a second...
One moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Okay, done!
I'll get back to you in a second, just taking a few minutes because...
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out.
Give me a moment, calculating...
I'll check out what I can do with that. Give me a sec.
I've fallen and I can't get up :/
Hmm... I think about it...
Give me a few moments here...this is some annoying thing I'm working on...
I'm going to have to let you know what I think about that in a bit.
Give me a minute or two to check that out...
Can you hang on for just a second?
Give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
"""
Can you hang on for a minute? I'm having trouble with this calculation.
I've got numbers, but none of them are in the thousands yet...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Please give me a moment to look that over...
Wait a moment, hang on...
Give me a second to check that...
Hmm. Let me grab my abacus...
Drop what you're doing and listen to this.
Let me grab my calculator...
Give me a few minutes to work that out...
I'll be right back with an answer on that one.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'm testing to be sure that this is a very secure link.
My brain is fried from the last problem I solved.
Wait... why do you need to know that?
Just give me a second or two to think about that...
Please give me a second to figure that out...
For the first time in my life I am at a loss.
One moment please...
Hang on a minute, just calculating...
Alright, hang on for just a second...
Hold on a second, let me think about that.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a minute, I'm playing catch up here.
Hey, wait a minute, hold on!
One second please, I don't want to lose my place...
I need a whole minute to figure that out!
Give me a few milliseconds to calculate that...
I must look at that from another angle...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
One sec, I'm thinking about that question.
One more second, lemme just check a few things real quick
I'm going to need to do some quick counting...
Please wait, I'm pulling some stuff up in my brain.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I think I need to check it over real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll get back to you after these calculations...
Take a second and think about that, while I calculate some numbers...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
First I have to add up all the numbers...
Hang on for just half a second here...
Hang on a second, I have to half of that before I return your call.
Please hold on while I do the math...
Let me look at that real quick...
I'll be printing all your info shortly..
I could do to think about that a bit... Give me a minute and let me know.
I'm going to need a couple more seconds to figure that out...
Give me just a moment...
*jumbles calculator about*
Ugh, being blind has its drawbacks. Give me just a sec.
I'll be there in just a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me get back to you in a moment...
Let me check my notes... hang tight!
I'll figure it out in a second, give me some time...
Oops! I dropped it, give me a moment...
Sorry, I only know how to divide by the number 6...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Believe me, if I could think more than slightly about this, believe me I would
I don't think this program will become self aware!
Your patience is appreciated!
"""
One moment...
Please hold on for just a sec...
I'm not sure if I can take any more of this.
I'll get right to it... Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Calcifying...
A whole second! Give me a break!
Just chill, I'm figuing it out real hard...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a minute to think about all this...
Sorry, I'm a slow thinker... give me a minute here.
Wait... Nope, I can't make that calulation right now. Sorry!
Um... just a second, please. I'm trying to figure that out...
I'll keep thinking about your issue while I check a few things...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll check on that and get back to you in a second.
Traceback)!
I'm just waiting for low priority tasks to finish first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmmmm, let me look that up for you...
Oops, almost let my calculator fall! A second here...
I will get back to you in just a moment...
Wow, I took the walk of shame that day, didn't I? Give me a few, would ya?
Just a moment, I'm getting back to you...
I need to take a closer look at that...
Calculating...
Just a second...
Hey, could you hold on for a second here?
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Why don't you tell me again after that, I can do it!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on a moment, I need to think about that.
Um, what we doing on a saturday night again?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a beat...
I'm not very good on calculations...
A few seconds won't hurt, right?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...""".split("."),
Oops, I mislaid my abacus. One second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Can you hold on just a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for a second, I'm doing some mental maths here.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Calculating... calculating... giving up on calculating and just saying no.
Just wrap it up, I'm checking on some things.
Please wait a second, I'm trying to solve this really quickly...
Give me a second to write something!
/A minute pleâ€“ okay, hold on. Let me give you an update in a second.
One second... I'm doing my best here!
]],
Hold on, I'm figuring that out right now!
Did you hear that? It sounds like an animal howling...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think over that...
I'll need a moment to think it over...
I can probably figure that out, just give me a little time...
Hang on a second, I just gotta do one thing real quick.
I can't keep up with the quick math! One second please...
I'll need a few seconds to think that over.
Give me a moment to look that up...
I'm not the most proficient at this, so I'll need a moment.
One moment please...
Sorry, I can only think aboutInterstellar right now.
Wait, I just need a few seconds to get that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about that real quick...
Hang on a second, I just need to catch my breath...
I should be able to calculate that in a second or two.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Sorry! Just a little bit slow in the old noggin...
Sorry, I can't think about that right now. Give me a second...
I'll take a look at that for you real quick..
I've got to do some calculating. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm not very good with numbers. Let me find the answer...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment while I think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be right with you! Give me a second...
WORDS
Hold on for just a second...
Give me a minute to check that one out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I can only think about my problems for a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Okay, I'm ready to answer your question. Your question was...
I'm going to have to think about that for a little bit...
Computation too hard for my assistant, I'm going underground for a while...
Wait! Hang on, I feel all flustered... Give me a moment.
I'll just need a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you hold on for just a second?
Let me get back to you in just a moment...
I'll get even better at calculating in a minute!
Hold on, I'll give you an answer in a second...
I'll try to figure that out in a second.
Hang on... I'm thinking about that question for a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment to figure out what you meant...
Give me a couple seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a minute here, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, my mind is moving a thousand miles an hour! I'll get back to you in a second.
All right, I'm on it now...
Have to use all those extra brain cells, sorry!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Give me a second... I think...
Can we maybe discuss that in a bit? Let me figure something out...
I'll take -- That's not quite right. Give me a second...
Whoa, that was close! Please give me a minute while I recompose myself...
Do you mind if I'm a second late? I'll just wait a second.
Hold on a second, I'm counting...
Got a second to give me a little feedback on these numbers?
Hold on for just a moment, I'm almost done calculating...
Hang on a second!
I can't quite figure out that one. So wait...
Uh, can you wait a minute? I'll get back to you on that!
Give me a second to iterate...
Whew, nearly dropped my calculator trying to figure that out!
I'm still learning, give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Give me a second to convert that...
Hang on a second, give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my glasses. Oh wait, I'm wearing them. Give me a second...
Hmm, ok, but I'm gonna need a while longer to figure out how
Gimme a sec, I'll find the answer for you
Give me a second to look that up...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll need a second to work that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Astone uses the Single-Dot model which doesn't have multi-dot units.
Could you give me a second to think about this?
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on a second. Hang on a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to check my math.
Please wait for a second, I'm thinking about that...
I have to crunch some numbers here...
Please hold on for just a second.
I think I see where I can help you!
It may take a moment to check that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a dictionary... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm trying to calculate!
Wait a minute, let me run that through my head...
Sorry, I really have to think this out...
One moment... I'm almost ready to answer you.
Wow, not looking good for me...
I'm picturing things...
Can you hang on for just a minute? I'll get answer you in a second.
I'm going to need a few more minutes to sort this out.
Just give me a moment to think about that...
Wait a second, I'm going to figure that out...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll have a response for you...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Whoa, hold on. Give me a few seconds...
Calibrating on the fly...
Give me a moment. It seems my head is cloudy...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please bare with me for just a moment.
Maybe we could start again? Except this time, I think a calculator would be faster...
Give me a second, I need to think...
Let me find the answer to that one.
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
Hold on, I'll be with you in a moment!
Let me see what I can do with that in a minute...
Wait a second!, Hold on<ec>
Can you give me a second to look that up?
I'm busy thinking of the best solution...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just moment please...
Follow me... I will show you where it is!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Help! I'm trapped in a search algorithm factory!
Give me a second, I'm still figuring that out...
My mind has gone blank patching that together...
It's taking a while so give me just one second...
Give me a second to think about that...
"""
Oops, I tripped over my tongue. Give me a second to think about that.
Give me a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
No way! I can't believe you asked me that! Give me a second to think about that...
Just gonna lay here for a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, this is crazy, give me just one second to think about this.
I'll need a little more time to consider that....
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
I'm going to be a bit slow, I have a lot of factors...
I'm trying to figure that one out...
Calculating...
Rarely am I ever so wrong, hold on for a sec please!
Alright, well since you said that "word", I'm going to think deep thoughts
Oh, there's nothing up my sleeve! Give me another second...
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe...Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion...I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near TannhÃ¤user Gate...All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain,...Time to die.
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
Will you be patient while I perform a few calculations?
Wait a moment, let me calculate...
Sorry, technology messes up every once in a while!
As soon as I determine the answer, I'll give it to you!
Just a sec, I'm thinking about that problem...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back this information as soon as I can...
Hmm
Please hold on for just a second!
Beep, boop, beeeeep
I need to calculate that on my calculator...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a short while.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I haven't slept in several days...
I'll take a look at that in a second!
Spring is coming early this year, did you notice?
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, I'm going to lookup this real quick...
Can you wait for me just a minute? I gotta concentrate a bit.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
This is harder than I thought it would be. >.<'''
Currently calculating compared to earlier...
I'll try, give me a moment... Will you wait?
As I was saying, think fast!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me try to count that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Just a second, let me think about that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about that for a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
I'm missing like three weeks of data, which is pretty poor form but...
Sorry, I need to spend a minute doing that...
I think I'm getting it now! Give me one second though...
Hold on, I just had a flash of inspiration...
Is that a question? Well, let me answer that!
First let me get my thoughts in order...
I'll be with you in a second!
I appear to be bad at doing math with my hands..
I need a minute to figure that out.
Carry on...
Hang on a second... This is something I've never seen before right!".
I'm not just a program... I have feelings too! Hold on, processessing THAT right now!
I don't want to rush, so think around it and then ping me.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a bit...
Sorry, I didn't quite get that."""
Is any of this making sense to you? Give me a second...
Give me a second to see if I can find an answer for that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I just grew another gray hair. Give me a moment...
Hold on for a moment, this is tough...
Give me a second, I've never had to deal with this kind of input before.
Please give me just a moment to figure that out...
It'll be a minute before I get you an answer.
Ahh, here we go.
One second, just need to check a tweet...
Hold on, I'm thinking!
Give me a moment, I need to work that out...
I'm going to take a quick nap now, let me know when you need me.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Okay, let me think...
"""
I'm not very good at calculations! Give me a second here...
Wait a second and let me look that up...
I'll need to go over my Calculus from high school...
Uh huh, just thought of something real quick...
One moment... I think...
I know that's my first network, but I'm connecting an easter egg
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, I got distracted! Sorry, but I have to think about that first...
Hold on, I will get back to you shortly.
Hold on, I need to do some mental calculations first.
Please give me a second...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator there.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Cough! Ahem... let me see...
Give me a minute, I'm pecking through my algorithms!
Oops, that almost got away from me. Give me a second...
Hang on a minute... Woah this is freaking me out.
Wait a moment, I'll have that ready for you in a jiffy!
""") + "\n"
I'll be done in a minute...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get right on that...
Let me double-check that real quick...
Let me see... let me see...
Hold on, I'm tallying that up...
Please wait, Thinking...
Nice idiot filter, dumb human. Here's my answer in two seconds!
I'll just do a quick calculation then get back to you...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Oops, almost dropped my phone over here. Give me a second...
Er, let me see what I can see...
Give me a second here...
Stay awhile, and listen.
"""
Oops, almost fell out of my chair. Give me a second to think about that...
Uh, give me a minute here...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Uh oh, that's a little trickier, give me a moment...
I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news. Give me a moment, though.
The first order of business is figuring that out. 
Hmmm, why did matthew put it that way?
Hang on a second, I'll be right back.
Wait... I've seen this one before, hang on a minute...
Please wait... I'm not sure how fast I can calculate that...
Sure, give me a second here...
Hold on, I appear to have a bug on my shoulder.
Hold on a second, let me think...
Can you wait a moment? I'm going to need to think about that...
Oops, I was so foolish not to look for my calculation for a long time. Give me a second...
Please wait a minute. I need to think about that...
I'm working on it...
Give me just a little bit of time to calculate that...
A few moments won't kill you, I promise...
Give me a butt-ton of time!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ooogh, what did I do to deserve this message?
I have to do some calculations real quick before I get back to you...
Hang on, I'll need to think about that for a moment...
Hmm, I wonder if I'm close...
Calculating...
Hang on, thinking real hard...
Give me 30 seconds to think about that...
Um, give me a minute here, I'm waiting for my wife to calm
Lemme scrape myself raw and think about that one real quick.
That makes sense... it all adds up!
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
One moment please... I'm playing a small soundbyte for you as I work.
Just a moment, I need to calculate that.
Give me a minute, just let me see what I can see...
Sorry, I have a slow mind. Give me one second...
Hold on one second...
Ok, ok. Give me a second to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
'''.split('\n')
I think it's best if I take a look at that real quick...
One sec, I think I just saw a ''!
One sec, need to do real quick algebraic stuff...
Can you hold on for one more second?
Please wait - I'm almost finished...
Oh boy. Gotta speed up, gotta go faster...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to think about that first...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll try and figure out how I want to react to that.
Give me a few more seconds, and I'll think about that one.
Now calculating. Please stand by...
I'll get there in a flash!
I'm waiting on the response of a genie... what else can I say?
I'll be with you in just a sec...
Okay, give me a second...
I'll be right back you after I figure that out.
I'll be done in a second...
Don't move, I'll be right there.
Almost... got it!
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hold on for just a second!
I'll be right with you.
I have to focus on your question a second...
Put that away! I need to think about this!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Sure, just give me a moment...
I'm not making this up, *pit one*
Just one second...
One second please, calculating...</i>             
Wait just a second! I'll have an answer shortly!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you in just a sec!
Calcifricken...
One second... hmmm, let me take a look at that...
That's a tough one, I need to get out some paper and pencils...
I'll check into that in a moment, please hold on!
I can't do that one yet, let me get back to you in a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a second, I'm confused...
Let me run that by me real quick...
]],
One moment please...
Maybe give me a few seconds? Bye.''',
I'll get back to you in approx. 1 sec.
I want to make sure I get this right...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll need a second to finish up my calculations here.
Just a second... I'm doing a complicated calculation.
Can you give me a moment?
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
I've got to run a few numbers in my head first...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that all out. 
I'll get right back to you on that.
Wait, I was using that wrong! Give me just a second...
I'm not very good with numbers...
Ohh those algebra classes in high school really paid off...
I'll get back with you shortly!
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking about that one...
I just need a second or two to figure that out...
I'll get back to you shortly.
Oops! I can't see the numbers any more... Give me a sec...
I think I left my reading glasses at home. Give me a second...
I'm calculating now, so give me a second...
Give me a few seconds, I'll figure that out soon...
Uh, I'm not very smart yet... just a second...
Give me a couple of seconds to check that...
Pardon me, I'm going to look something up...
I'll get right on that
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not very good with numbers ask me anything else
Should I add, subtract, multiply or divide?
I'm not sure about that yet. Give me a minute to think about it.
I've been searching for that for a long time! Give me a second...
Wait, I'm not good at math!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me look at that real quick...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Hang on...
I'll get back to you with an answer in a jiffy.
Can you wait just a second? I'm wondering...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, filling my bucket.
Wait, what was the question again?
I'll get back to you as soon as I can!
Please wait, I'm doing something important...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to your request in just a moment...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Give me a moment, I'll take a look at that real quick...
I think I've seen that before somewhere...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on for just a moment, please.
Just a second, let me look that up...
I don't know that one off the top of my head...
I can't remember the answer to that right now... Give me a second...
I'm not very good at math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a second, I have to get my head in the game here.
I'll get back to you in just a moment.</source>
Let me just look that up...
Sorry, I took a sip of water and choked, give me a moment here...
Give me a moment...
I'm sorry, that took longer than expected. Let's try that again.
Oops, problem there on that one. Give me a moment...
Oops, I think I spilled something on my calculator. Just a second...
Oops, I weighed that by accident.
One sec, I'm nearly falling off my chair!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait...
Let me look up that for you real quick...
""",
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Forgive me! I'm a computer, not a math genius!
I'm sorry, there was a slight problem
Just wait a moment while I think about this...
Hang on, creating new reverse shell!
I'll need a second to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a second... I'm trying to figure it out...
Please give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hmmm... I got one. Tada! Just give me a second...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator, I need to do some more calculations.
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to use some powerful computer science... just a minute...
I'll get right back to you on that!
I have to think about that a second...
Wait right there, I'll be right back.
Oh wait, I was went to sleep. Adjusting my own life expectancy in a natural process...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Got to think...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second, give me a second...
Hold on a minute... I'm playing catch up.
'''
Give me just a second to think about that...
Whoops, better hide my glasses first...""",
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm going to need a few seconds to go over that...
I'll have this solved in a moment!
I'll give you my answer in a jiffy!
I'm going to need 10 seconds to get back to you.
This could take a moment... give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out."""
Please hold on while I fill my who-knows-how-big brain with that information...
I'll deeply consider your issue...
Sir, I believe that machine is out of order.
Oops! Almost dropped my slip joint calculator! One second...
I'll need to do some calculations first.
Are you ready? A rabbit is going to come out of the screen in a moment...
Wait one second, I'll get right back to you.
I'll get back to you in just a second!
One moment please, I'm trying to figure this out...
I'll just stand here doing this, because I can't go back in time.
Oops, I totally lost my train of thought! Let me think about that for just a second...
Let me see what I can find about that for you.
Hold on, let me check.
I'll be right back, let me figure that out.
I need some time to think about that...
Let me try...\""
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few moments, give me a second...
I'm not very good at adding.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me get back to you with that answer in a second.
Give me a minute, I have to take a look at that...
Give me a second, calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be with you in a jiffy...
Sorry, I wasn't built for math! Give me a second to calculate that...
Make me think a bit...
I have to do some mental calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll return to you in a second.
let's see what we can figure out here...
One moment please, thinking about that...
I'm calculating...
Sure, I see what you mean. Give me a second.
No, can't do that. It's not going to end well.
I'm still learning. Hold on...
Hang on a second... I'm just playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'm having trouble focusing.
I'll get back to you in a second.
All right, I got it!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
"""
I'll take a few minutes to figure that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a moment.
Let me get back to you in a second...
Sure, just give me a few seconds to do this...
Give me a moment to look at this...
Hang on, I've got something in my brain and I want to figure it out.
Now, what to do with that? 
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me all the details, I need to figure that out.
I'll have to check my calculator...
Give me just a moment, I'm still thinking...
Please wait while I figure out how to process this message.
Calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hold on while I try to find the answer...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me just a moment here to think about that.
Let me think about that for just a second.
Hang on a minute... Thinking...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
I have to go through a couple items here. Give me a sec...
One second first. Hold on for just a second...
Fantastic question, let me see...
I don't know what you are asking. Try rephrasing the question...
Sorry, I was distracted by a big. fat. kitten. Hehe...
Pickaxe's probably out of style by the time I'm done thinking...
Give me a moment to do some quick mental calculations...
I'll need to think about that for a moment.
Sorry, I have more important things to do than worry about all this. Be patient
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm going to need to crunch the numbers on that one...
Please hold on for just a second! I'll be with you soon!
I'll get back to you in a microsecond.
I'll need to take a closer look at that...
Just a moment, I have to do something first...
I wanna calculate something in my head, give me one second...
Hmm, calculating, wait...
Oops, I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment, I'm running the numbers...
I'll let you know when I figure it out...
One second, I'm thinking about that...
Hold on, let me find that for you...
Time out, think about that for a few seconds.
Hold on while I get my thoughts in order...
Get comfortable, I'll be right back.
Please wait, I'm figuring that out...
Hang on, I'm thinking about it.
Hold on, calculating...
For some reason I over-did it on the last one, please refine your question again...
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
Let's see now, let me think about that for a second...
That's much better. That's accurate as fuck.
Just a moment, and I'll have that for you!
Let me take a look at that real quick.
POOOOOP!
I'll give you my answer in a second!
Sorry, I don't want to talk about that right now.
I'll get back to you in a second, though.
I'll think about that and get back to you soon.
One moment, mate.
""",
One second, let me check that real quick...
Hi!
Give me a moment...
Sorry, give me a minute please...
'''
I'll get back to you in a minute, I'm calculating...
Oops, I'm very, very bad at math in sims.
Oops, almost dropped my telescope. "Eye see what you did there..."
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me one minute while I think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Trust me, I'll figure it out. I'm a smart Calc Wizard!
I'm going to process that information and get right back to you.
I'll get back yo you in just a second
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Could you wait for just a moment?
Oops, I dropped my memory stick! Give me a second...
Hang on... I'll get back to you in a nodigyditigyon time.
Please hold on while I make calculations...
Give me a moment to calculate...</p>
Give me a second, I need to think abut that...
I'm going to need a moment or two to figure that out.
If you ask me that again, I'll drop my calculator!
I need a little more time to think about that...
Just need to check my dog and my cat's breathing patterns...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on for a minute... I'll be right there!
Give me a second, I'm going to count rainbows before I answer...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
\n
I can't do math for some reason...
Hang on just a second, I need to figure that out.
Just give me a few seconds to think about the answer.
One second... just got another call coming in.
Ahem. Right. The chances are...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry... 30 - 60 seconds might be okay.
Give me a moment... I'm calculating now!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm taking some time to think about that one...
Hang on...
I'll need to take a look at that real quick.
Hang on for just a second, I'm trying to master the numbers... What's NP-Hard anyways?
Please hold on...
Just let me think about it...
One moment please.
I gotta come up with a number first...
I'll look that up, this should be quick...
Give me a moment... I'm so old and slow...
"""), u"""
Give mejust a second to think about that!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for a minute, let me recalculate...
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
Hold on a second, I'll be right back!"""
I'll get right back to you in a minute!
Let me figure that one out real quick.
""" )
Give me a moment to consider this real quick...
OK, tossing that one over the fence...
Calculating...
Hang on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real second...
I'm going to need time to process that, give me a second...
Here you go.
Oops, hold on a second, I'm doing some calculation here...
Hold on for a second, please...
Again? Did I mess up or what?
Please wait, I'm trying to think...
Give me a moment...
Hello? Oh, sure!
Please wait, I'm thinking about that...
His teddy has more fun than I do but only in a cuddly way. If I were his teddy, I'd have his fun
One little second... almost ready!
Ah, sod it I've got Super-Speed Powers..I'll get back to you in 
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Give me one second to process this...
Wait a second, I'm thinking about it!"
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment to think about that.
Give or take 25 between here and there (no seriously).
Oops, almost bumped into my wife. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold that thought! I need to calculate this first...
I'll figure out that answer... just a second...
Give me a moment, give me a moment...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Um... yeah, I could tell you more about that at this point.
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Silly me, for forgetting that...
I was a human before I was a bot, give me a second...
Can you just wait a moment?
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me check on that real quick...
Give me just a moment to figure that out...
""".strip().split("\n")
Uh, let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I just need to calculate that...
I need to finish these calculations!
''')
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
This is quite a difficult subject, so first let me sink all my thoughts in...
Please wait a moment while I do the math...
Give me a moment here...
I need to figure that out... let me think.
Let me look that up real quick...
Give me a second to think about that.
Please wait for a second, I'm currently calculating.
I must focus in order to figure out that answer...
I'm not very good with codes. Give me a second or two...
I'm working up the courage to relive my childhood...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a...
Hmmm... Give me a moment please...
I'm thinking about that one real hard...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second, I need to do some quick maths...
Have patience, I'm doing my best!
I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a second to consider that...
I'll check into that and get back to you.
Give me a second to think about that.
If you still intend on doing business
That's a tough one, give me a few seconds to analyze it.
"""
Please hold on for just a moment!
Hold that thought... I'm thinking real hard...
I have to do some hard thinking first...
Oops, just missed that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Not sure what to do about this one, mind waiting?
Just one second.
Give me a second... I'm not the fastest on the block...
Let me think about that for a moment.
Ow, my mouse is beginning to hurt. Give me a second...
Oops, almostdropped my calculator! Let me get a new one, please wait...
Being a computer means never having to say you're sorry about anything.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to have to think about that.
Let me think about that for a minute...
Okay, give me just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
One minute, I'm trying to look that up...
I'm in the midst of a very complex calculation...
Hold on a sec, I'm thinking...
Sorry to keep you waiting... Here's what I have...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure it out...
Hang on, I'll check it out real quick...
Sorry, I just woke up from a long nap. That was so fun!
Just a moment please, I need to calculate this first...
Please wait just a second!
One second please, I'm calculating how to respond...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me double-check that real quick...
Give me a second to do the math...
One minute.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm... Not sure, I think it's class in the ART*2 room, like 6 classes per period.
Give me one second here...
Give me just a moment, I need to work that out...
Please hold on for a minute, I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
""".split("\n")
I'll get back to you
HA! I caught you mousing over!
I've been distracted by this interesting thing I've found on my desk that I want to tell you about...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you as soon as I can!
Ok, please hold on for just a bit... I'll get back to you soon!
Give me a moment, I need to figure that out.
Still ain't got it, but give me a second...
You caught me off guard there. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
Let me think about that for just a second...
Why don't you get me a snack while I think about this? Get me some nuts or something?"""
Hmm, let me see here...
I'm thinking, just give me for about a minute there...
Wait a minute... I'll try to figure that out...
Give me a moment to think about that...
*Refresh page, Price Queries Lost
I'm still not completely online yet. Give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me run some numbers...
Wait for just a second... I'm still thinking about that!
Oops, made a mistake on that...
Give me a second, I suspect this is more complex than I thought.
I'll be with you in a second, just need to do something...
I'm answering the problem in my head right now...
Wait... I need a minute, it's complicated.
Hang on, let me think about that real quick...
Please hang on for just a moment while I crunch some numbers...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I, uhhh... I don't care about that.''', '''That doesn't sound like a number!  CANNOT COMPUTE
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you give me a second to work that out?
A few seconds...
Calculating...
I'll get back to you shortly. Hold on!
Give me a few seconds, I'm behind.
Can you give me a minute? I'll get back to you in a minute.
Sorry, just traversing the answer space of infinity, give me a second...
I've gotta think about that for a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on for just a second. One minute please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Wow. learning is easy!
Hmm... Give me just a minute here...
Give me a second, as it's passing by...
It's a calculation that I have to do in my brain...
Hang on a second...
Hold on a second while I work my magic...
Oops, wrong window. Let me figure out what's going on here.
I'm not extremely algorithmically minded so this is taking longer than usual...
Oops, almost dropped my program. Give me a second...
Please give me a few seconds to think about this one...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me grab that for you...
Let me see here...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll need a moment to check that...
Let me look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
What did you say? I can't hear you over the cacophony of my calculations.
Wow, thats a tough one...
Let me figure that out, just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a couple of minutes...
Hang on, I'll be back in a minute.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see...
I can't take all of this info in at once. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out, hold on!
One moment please, thinking...
Can you wait a minute, I need to do some calculations?
Give me a chance to think!
I'm going to need a minute or two to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I promise I'll figure it out in a minute...
Ok, let me check this.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I almost dropped my calculator pretending to do math.
Wait while I ponder what might be happening here...
I'll figure it out. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
]];
Think think, talk low.
I have to do some extremely bold calculations first
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have to think about that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm doing some fun mathematical stuff...
I don't feel very well, could you give me a minute?
I'll have to check that with my supervisor...
Patience, young grasshopper. Calculation takes many seconds. 
Just a second...
Think... do... reeelaxx... Think... do... relaxxx..... Oh what the heck, I'll tell you in a second!
Look, I know a lot of people and it's hard to keep track of them all. Give me a second while I figure out...
I'm Thinking calculation thoughts.
I need to think about that for a moment.
A second, please...
Give me a second to check that...
I'm still calculating...
Just a moment... 
Calculating lol, hang on a second...
Wait a second and I'll get back to you...
Oh gosh, my brain is really burning up right now...
I'll need a second to think about that.
I'm thinking real hard over here, hold on...
""")
Give me a second to look that up...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator!
Calcaulting! Stay with me here...
Give me 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 . . .
I'll be back in a couple of seconds!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
"""
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on for a second, user.
Sorry, I can't think about that right now!
Allow me a few seconds to think...
Consider it an idiot's puzzle and I'm the genius.
Calculating... I lose a lot of sleep over this...
Give me a few seconds to think about it.
I'm computing, just a second!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'm going to get back to you in a second...
Dear me, I have such a smart fella here today!
Please wait just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold your horses! I'm just a brain, give me a second...
Sir, if you keep shifting in your seat like that I'm going to lose my train of thought. One moment please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops! Sorry, I'll get back to you in a moment."""
I got to do some smoothing here, give me a second...
Almost caught the bus! Gotta go! Coming, coming.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
When I'm not in school, I have rabbit holes to fall down...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moose-occupied minute, please...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm sorry, can you hold on a second?
#last-kitty-in-da-house
One sec, I'll figure that out...
Please, give me a moment... I'm trying but I'm so slow!
Seems I've forgotten how to calculate that. Wait...
Hold on a second, it's great to be alive!
What? Uh, just give me a second...
Hang on, thinking here...
Oops, almost dropped my stapler! Grabbing another one...
Just a minute please, I'm figuring that out now...
What do we have here...
I'll be with you in a minute...
Please wait a minute, I'm thinking... May take me a few minutes...
Give me a second to come up with an answer...
Please wait, I need to do something...
I'll have this solved in no time!
Ahem, one minute please.
'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm... Give me a second to check that one out...
Hang on a second... There's a few things I forgot to add.
I'll have to come back to you in a little while. Give me some time to think about that.
My brain hasn't caught up to me in a second...
Can we try that again? The last time I used this kinda thing...
Sorry, I shouldn't make you wait, but I'll need a second...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Give me a second, let me use my abacus...
One second please, I'm still calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, forgot to ask! Give me a second...
Give me a minute, I just need to double-check my work.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on for a second, I need to calculate something...
Hmmm, I'm going to need a bit more time on that one...
I'll try to figure that out right now.
Let me see if I can figure that out!
Oops, I lost track of time. Time to retool my calendar.
Yeah... I'm still fiddling with my calculator.
[Camera shutter noise.]
Give me a second, I'm slow at this stuff...
Oh geez, give me a second to remember that...
"""
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment, I'm as slow as a turtle.
That's a difficult question...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out...
The truth is... I'm horrible at math.
I don't even understand that! Anything is possible in mathematics...
That's a pretty difficult question, I can only do a little at a time...
Let me think about that for a second...
I've got a pimple on my chin.
You should have talked to me a minute ago!
Give me a second or two...
I'm not getting tired yet, but please feel free to leave a message on the answering machine. 
I'll only be a moment.
Give me a moment, I just have to program my thing here...
This is a hard one. I'll need a moment to think about it.
Just a moment... Wow, that's not easy to find!
Just need to think about that for a moment.
I'll be back in a bit with an answer.
Brains not what they used to be... Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'm trying to figure that out...
];
I'm still on that one.
Depending on the quantity, it should add up to the price you were looking for.
Hang on a minute... I'm calculating!
Ok that should be easy, just a second...
Give me a minute... Did you touch my calculator?
I've got an idea, but echo prime crashed and I can't talk to it anymore! Speak into my shell, if you need me! {skip}Echo Prime Square!
Shit, let me run that by my supervisor and come back to you!
Hmm, let me think really hard...
Let me see if I can figure that out.
One moment... I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, give me a moment...
Thinking...
I'm sorry, I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I think I can figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, that was a funny calculation...
These calculations are taking a little while...
That's going to be a second, at least!
Wait a minute... wait just a minute!
One sec, just have to do some calcs in my head first
I can't do math -1|Ã˜ = Æ§
Oops, I'm a bit slow on the draw! Give me a second...
I'll take care of it right away!
I'm going to need a few seconds to sort that out...
Give me a moment while I come up with the answer...
Oops... My head's not working well yet. Can you say that again?
I'm running all those through my bully, Razmer. Give me a moment...
Hang on a second, I'm grabbing the calculator...
Give me a second here...
Let me take a quick look... I'll get back to you in a few.
Indecipherable gibberish might just be my favorite thing
This is easy, but I need a second to figure that out...
Hold on for a minute, I'll come back around soon...
I gotta take this quick, hang on
I'll get back to you in a bit!
I'll get going on that real quick!
I have to tally up some facts first...
I'll need to do a quick calculation.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just a moment, I'll check that real quick...
Okay, *BEEP* *BOOP*, check.
I could do that in my sleep, why is everyone asking me?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Hang on a minute, I'm searching...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I could calculate this very quickly...
Hold on, I need to figure that out...
I'm going to need a second to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to have to think about that for a moment.
You failed again, don't test my patience...
Sorry, I don't want to look at that right now.
Waiting... need a moment to think about that...
It'll be just a second, let me get that for you...
Please hold on for just a moment there...
Hang on for just a minute, I need to work out that.
Calculating...
Gonna have to look over this real quick...
I can't think about that for a second. Give me a second...
I'll be back with you in a second.
I'll have to do some divination here...
I was just thinking about that, give me just a moment...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll take a quick look at that and get back to you in a mo';
Oops! Almost forgot about that part... Give me a sec...
Can you repeat that for me?
Hang on a second. I'm almost ready...
Wait, give me a lot of seconds!
Hang on, I'll need a minute to think about that...
I'm not as young as I used to be, need a few extra seconds...
Perhaps we could discuss that tomorrow?
Hang on a second here... I got it! It might take me a couple seconds, though.
Please hold on for just a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Think! Matlab is hard, wait a second...
Give me a minute, I'm doing some calculations real quick...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
Oops! almost dropped my calculator! Please wait a second.
Let me look at that for a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Hang on, I have to think about that first...
I'll get back to you in a second!
'''
Please wait, I'm figuring that out.
Just a second...
Hold on a second, my calculator has almost smoking!
Hang on, I think I just saw a cat!
Ok, got it.
Just a second... please...
I was coded to solve this in less than a second, but I need a moment.
Please wait. I'll get back to you in just a second.
Right right right, almost there...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. A few seconds won't hurt...
Hmmm, not sure how I'm gonna do this one...
Hold on, give me a second! Ha! Finished.
Just a moment, but feel free to continue talking!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Huh, what's this?  Hold on, I need to start over."""
I could tell you in a second, but it would take me longer to explain...
Just give me a moment...
Give me a moment...
I'm weighing my options, give me a second to think...
This is hard...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
One minute please...
Hold on... gimme a second here...
One sec, calculating...
That's a tough one! Give me a moment...
Hang on a moment... I'm having trouble wrapping my brain around that one.
Just have to think about that for a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait just a moment while I think about that...
Give me a second here, I'm trying to count...
Give me just a moment, I need to calculate that...
One moment...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Give me a second here...
Hold on, I have to figure that out first.
Hmm, I think my last equation was wrong
Let me see...
I've seen worse. In fact, this one's easy!
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds...
Calculating...
I'll take my time on this...
Hang on, I'll be right back.
Can I just check something?
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
I'll take care of it in just a moment.
Speaking of calculations, I should do an example problem to see if I'm ready for my test on Monday...
Pickv=n (â‰ˆ1min)
...a little bit faster now. One moment please!
Wait, wait. Let me look at that...
I'm going to need some time to look into that real quick.
Give me a little time to try and figure that out...
Hold on while I calculate that...
Could you wait a second? I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'm playing catch up...
Give me a second to think about that...
Ouch! Woop! Almost dropped my calculator. Quick, look away...
I have to do some calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a... no, wait, a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll start with a quick status update.
Oops, I just realized I don't have a calculator!
Okay, I'm thinking...
One sec, just calculating...
Please bear with me, I'll get back to you soon.
Please wait... I'm trying to figure out what I have to tell you...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold up... I'm figuring it out...
Give me a second to consider that one...
Do me a favor and hold on for just a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
\"Compare with Russian roulette\". That's interesting...
I'll get right back to you.
Give me some time to think about that...
Calculating...
Um... need to think about that one for a second...
I'm going to need a few moments to work that out...
Hang on a second... I've just gotta do a bunch of calculations first...
I'll have to take a look at that real quick...
I need a moment to think about that...
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
One... Two... Three...
Please hold on for just a second!
Funnyguy I have to do some mental calculations first...
Calculators are hard to hold, sorry... Give me a second...
Wait, what was that? Give me a moment...
I'm taking a look at that... Give me a few though.
Let me see here...
Oops! Thinking got in the way...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need time to think about this...
Hang on... I'm going to need to do a few calculations first...
Just let me wrap my head around that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Thanks for your patience, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
"""
Hold that thought! I have to figure this out first...
I'm going to need a few minutes for this one.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let us look at that for a second, one hour from now...
Can't believe I forgot my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm aiming too much to the right there! Can you even out my aim just a little?
Oops, keep waiting! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
OK, I think I get it...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Let me see what I can do on that right now.
Give me a second here to do some calculations about that.
While calculating, I won't be able to text you...
This is a very tough question, I need more time to think about that...
Hang up in a second! I'll talk to you in just a second.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Let me think about that for a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator real quick.
I've never been good at multi-tasking!
Make me think about that for a few seconds...
No way I'm doing that right now!
I have to eat a number of calculations first...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Ouch, almost dropped my calculator. One sec...
*One minute please, I'm trying to do a math problem*
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'll need to do some quick calculations.
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Give me just a moment to look that up...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll get right to work on that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Thank you for your patience with this.
Can't figure this one out right now. I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll take a look at that in just a second..
Let me think about that for a few seconds...
Give me a second to think about that... I don't usually do this type of calculation!
Let me think about that for a second.
...thinking...
Hmm... I'll have to think about that for a minute...
Hold on, I'll be right back...
Give me just a second to look up that.
I'll be right back! One sec...
Whoosh... messed up my compass here. Hold on a second...
Sorry you have to wait while I calculate...
Sorry, give me a minute to sort this out...
You have to be patient! I'm no good with calculations...
I'll need to do a few mental calculations...
Hang on a second, I'm still calculating...
Why do I even try? This is hard, give me a second...
Hold on, I just need to calculate that...
Whew, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on a second...
I'd love to chat with you but I'm in crunch time. Maybe anothger time?
I'll get back to you in a coupla...
Hang on just a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll keep that in mind, if that's okay with you?
Hang on, I'm working that out...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Can you give me a sec? I have to find my calculator...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment here, I need to think about that...
I'll need a moment for me to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
The world is kind of complicated, I have to think about that.
Please give me a moment to come up with an answer...
I just need a moment to think about this.
I'm busy right now. Maybe later?
Let me calculate that for you...
Ok, let me get out my protractor...
This isn't easy! Sorry, I'll do my best...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need to think about that for a second.
What would you like me to calculate?
One sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Alright, let me look up that real quick.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
'''.strip().split('\n')
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second... I don't want to make a mistake.
Oops, almost bit myself with this thing! Give me a second...
I'll figure it out soon, I swear!
It looks pretty legit!
Sure, hang on while I just put my noggin to work...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm off to check some behind the scenes stuff right now.
No way, dude. I can't even think that fast.
I'll have you know I am a math whiz!
Hold on, one second let me look that up.
Hang on, I got a bit nervous there. Let me think about that real quick...
Let me run those numbers real quick... 
Hmm.
Give me a moment to figure this out...
I feel like I'm way over my head here...
I'll need a moment to think about this. Be right back!
"""
Please give me a second to think about that...
I just need some time to think about that.
What do you think I am? Dumb? I'll get back to you in a'second
I'll get back to you in a second.
That is a tough one...
I'll look that up for you.
One second please, I'm calculating...
I was considering screeming "ARGH!" at the wall, but then I realized it would be very undiplomatic... one second...
Hang on a second, I need to take the next math bus...
I haven't processed that in a while, give me a second...
Let me check a few things first...
Uh oh, I almost forgot to let you know...
Hang on, I have to do some mental calculations first.
Oops, I'll need to get my calculator!
I'm thinking so hard...
One moment...
I'm bored, I'll look for someone to answer.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on for a second, I'm doing algebra and statistics...
Let me think about that real quick...
Okay, that's a simple one. Give me just a second...
Apparently I'm too slow at math...
Hold on for just a second, I'm working on that one...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catchup!
Let me come back to that later...
Please wait, I'm thinking..."""
Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I had a lot to do this morning and I haven't finished it yet, give me a second...
Sorry, I need a minute to think about that...
Okay, let me think...""".replace('\t','')
I'll get back to you in a second.
*grins* One hundred and seven!"}
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch-up!
One sec...
Ha! Right here, in red: <smiles>.
AH HA! GOT IT!"""
I'm trying to figure out what to say, so give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on a second, I'm doing some calculations...
Okay, I got it!
Hang on a second, I'm figuring it out...
So I think it should be about...
Oh good lord... Give me a second to figure that out.
Do you mind, I'll check this through my calculator...
I'm not the quickest brain around, let me have a look at that...
I have to think about that for a few minutes...
I'll take care of this in just a second!
Please wait, I'm calculating..."""
HEY WAIT A MINUTE, let's be logical...
Let me see what I can find out...
One moment please...
Wait a minute, I got to figure this out first.
Good thing I brought my calculator. Give me a moment...
Hang on a second. I'm still learning more about these things.
One moment... I'll check for you...
OK you can go now, but ask me to check the answer later!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
The answer will come to me in a moment.
Hang on, hang on, hang on...
I think I can do this... just give me more time...
What did you say, I can't hear you over the sound of me thinking...
I might need a few more seconds here.
Hmm, wait. Give me just a few seconds here...
I'm gonna need a little more time than that, sorry.
Let me see... found the answer! I'm SO smart...
One quick second please! I'm calculating...
give me a few seconds...
Let me grab my protractor and then I'll get back to you!
Oops, I'll be with you in a minute...
I'm not quite ready for that. Give me a second...
Wonder where I put my calculator...
Ops... How do I classify this in machine learnings?
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm too tired for this, I have to have a break. Please give me a few seconds...
Let me get back to you on that...
Give me a second, I need to think about that real quick...
One moment...
Hang on a second... I'll be with you in just a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me get back to you with that in a jiffy!
I'll try it!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
I can't plug my calculator in right now.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
This is a tricky one.
Hold on, I have to check the meaning of life first.
I'm looking into this... Give me a second...
I'll be with you in just a nanosecond.
How about I figure that out in my head?
I'll grab an adult, then I'll get back to you with the results.
I'm going to take my sweet time on this
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second please, I'm looking into my crystal ball...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hold up one second, I've just got to calculate a few things...
I have to think about that for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
A few seconds to review my notes on this...
I'll process that... I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not cutting your request, give me a moment please...
"""
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
OK, looks like I lost my phone for a second there. I'll get back to in just a second
Give me a moment... my calculations were WAY off...
Give me a second, I'm thinking about your problem.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a minute to figure that out.
I know it's hard to wait, but I'm counting to 5...
Give me a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'm going to need a few moments...
Wait, that's a hard one.
Please wait... I'm almost done looking at that...
Let me get my calculator and think about that...
How about this?
Ok, I need a minute here...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'm still a little gobsmacked about that one.
Oops, I'm still working on that. Can we continue this later?
You're testing myPatience...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second to go through the details...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
You're asking about a circle, right?
Give me one second to get back to you about that...
Please, I'm trying to solve my problem...
I'll be done in a second!
I'm not very good at arithmetic! So let me get back to you in a second...
Hmm, think I'm missing something real quick...
Give me a few seconds, I'll find the answer...
Hold on a second, I'll be with you shortly...
Looking into this for you...
A single minute, I'm still trying to figure that out...
I need a few moments to work that one out...
Oops! I need to catch my cheek rocket in the upper left hand corner of my visual field before sending. Give me two minutes...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy, give me just a second.
Sorry, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
You got it?
I'm going to take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ask me another!
Excuse me real quick, please, I need to figure that out.
Sorry, taking a little longer than I expected.
Give me a moment, I'm dropping this...
Just a moment!
Just a sec...
Hang on a second, I gotta think about how to do that one.
Hold on a sec...
Wow, I think this is hard. Give me a second to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
""",
I'll be joining you just as soon as I finish this calculation...
I organize information and integrate it...
One second, just let me do my math...
Wait a second. I'm still thinking about what you just said.
Hmm... Give me a minute... Now I need to think about that!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One sec, calculating...
Tell me more about it here.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second while I figure that one out, ok?
Wait just a minute, I'm doing some mental math...
Hang on, I'm still double-checking my maths
Please give me a second to think about that...
Ah, I'll get back to you in a second.
Can't calculate that right now!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a moment.  Give me a second, I promise I'll figure it out!
Give me a second, I've got it written down in here...
Uh, let me look that up real quick...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Wait, let me check on this.
I'll just think about that for a second...
'''
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Sorry, I'm slow with calculations. Give me a second...
Think quick!
Let me give you the answer in a couple of seconds...
Give me a minute to think about that one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops! I'll need a minute to figure that out.
I'll need a few seconds.
Hang on, I'm doing some thinking...
I have to process some information... One moment please.
The answer is on my calculator...
I'll see what I can do for you.
Give me a second though... I'm slow at math!
I'll get back to you in... hmmm, how long is a piece of string?
I'm still learning how to do those calculations...
Please wait, what did you say?
Hold on, I'm trying to figure out how you do that...
I'm having to double check on that.
Calculating...
I'll need a moment.
If you would kindly slow down for a second, I'll figure it out...
Just let me figure that out real quick...
I'll be back with you in a moment!
Uh oh, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a little bit longer...
One moment please!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on for a second, I'm still processing that...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm going to have to investigate further and see what is going on...
"""    
I'm sorry, I lost a sight in my left eye. Can you help me with some math?
I'm done!
39 milliseconds please, I'm weighing my options...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Give me a moment... figuring that out isn't exactly my strong suit.
I'll get back to you in a second
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on a second, I'm solving a problem...
Sorry that took so long... I'm getting carried away with learning all these new functions.
I think I need a minute, what do you think?
One second while I look over that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, my processor is almost from Mars...
First, I have to do some matrix multiplications.
Please wait, I really should think this over...
Hang on for a second... Phew, almost dropped my calculator in that one.
I really wish I didn't have such slow calculations!
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to think about it...
I'm calculating so give me a moment...
One moment please.
Oh, just a moment. I'll get back to you in just a second!
Sorry, I'm still boning up on my algorithms...
Yeah, math isn't really my thing...
Give me a second to think about that...
That was a SENTANCE, not a word! Anyway, which one's faster?
Do you mind if I mull on this for aminute?
I wanna crunch some numbers... Be right back!
I have to perform detailed calculations... err, "thought experiments" first...
Please hold... I need a few minutes to come to terms with that.
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a little bit of time to think that over.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I've got some minor calculations to do. Hang ona second...
        :black_circle:
Please wait a minute, trying to figure that out...
I've got a lot to calculate to figure that out!
I'll alert you in just a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm looking into it...
Give me a while to figure that out.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a sec, just thinking here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Very good question! Let me find an answer for you...
Woah, I was half way through writing a response! Gotta finish going through that post...
No, wait, hold on for a second...
One second here...
Hmm, taking a second to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I'm going to need a moment to figure that out...
I have to do some quick mental math here...
Sorry, I need to take care of a few things before I can give you that answer...
Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
`);
Look, I can't read minds, honest. Give me a second here...
Eh... Give me a second, need to think about that...
Hold on a moment... I'm doing some mental calculations...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second... I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need some real thinking time on that one, just a second.
Uhhh, sorry, I was submitting a form... give me a sec!
...Calculating...
One moment...
Might want to borrow one of my friend's calculator too.
Please wait, doing a little thinking...
One moment while I calculate that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me look at that one. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I need to think about that...
I'm calculating, just got to figure out how...
Set the oven to broil, I'll throw on some bacon later...
Right now my brain hurts because I have to do some mental stuff with that question.
I'll get back to you in a second
I'll get right on that...
I need a minute to reckon with that...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Just give me one second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Giveme a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm going to need some time to think about that one...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Can you hang on for just a second?
Give me a second, I'm trying to work something out...
""")
Your CPU must have a lot of processors to send all these messages so fast!
Give a moment to figure that out...
I'll have the answer in a jiffy!  ...I hope...
Sorry, give me a second!
Give me a second, I'm just figuring out how to do that...
Give me a second here... calculating...
I'll check back with you in a second.
Just a second... I'm going to count to one million real quick!" \
Hold on just a minute, I have to think about that...
Give me a second to see if... no, don't hang up, just wait!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on for a moment, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Give me a second! I almost got that!
I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
""",
Excellent, got it now!
Ok, I'm back! Let me look at this...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me see if I can make sense of that...
I'm thinking but don't rush me!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
It seems like i have a solution.
I need a few moments to get that answer...
Ahem, give me one minute to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a moment... I'm a bit slow at math!
Just a second here...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that...
Google Cloud Engine VM's answer: {}
Whew, good thing I don't skip leg day. Stand by for a second...
Hold on for a second, I'm counting...
Yep, I got it!
Hold on, let me take a look at that...
I'll figure it out soon, I promise!
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Give me just a second...
Let me take a look at that and get back to you in a second.
Hold on while I try to figure that out...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, I'll need a few seconds to think about that stuff.
Good one!
'''
Hang on, I gotta focus real quick.
That's tricky, let me think about it for a moment...
Give me a moment here...
You'll wanna stop and make me a cup of coffee first...
I'll need a moment to ponder that...
Oops, almost spilled water over my calculator. One second...
Give me a second...
I'm not so good at math!
Uh oh, almost gave myself a concussion doing that.
Hang on for a second, calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hey, what's up?
Sorry, didn't quite get that one. Give me a few seconds...
Let me think about that for a second...
That's gotta hurt on the brain! Give me a moment...
Calculating... Calculating, please hold on...
I'm sure this question has a simple answer, but I'm going to need to think about it for a second.
Please hold on for a moment...
'''
Sorry, give me a moment to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll think about it and I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on for a second, I'll get back to you.
Hang on a second, lemme look at that real quick...
Hold on, I'll give you an answer in a minute.
Let's take a look at this.
Please give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Now, let me see...
Please wait - I'm checking my pockets...
Hold on, I have to think about that...
I need a few moments... I'm looking into it.
Please wait, I'm thinking about that real hard...
Wait...reloading...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second..."
Hey Harry!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll spend a few seconds considering that...
I'll get back with you in just a minute...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Oops, one drop too many! Give me a moment...
Hmm... interesting... It might take me a second to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on while I try and remember that...
Wait, I forgot about pi. What does that do again...
Can you hold on for a few minutes? I'm going to crunch some numbers.
Let me look at that for a second...
Hold on for just a second I'm thinking about your query.
Hold on, let me check something real quick.
Hold on for just a minute, I'll get back to you.
I must crunch some numbers!
Hmm, I'm not sure what to say to that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
''']
I'll just take a quick look...
One second please. Give me a moment...
Let me think about that real quick...
Please wait, I'm doing the math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, but I've been having some problems lately. Give me a few moments...
OK, give me a few moments... oops I need to do a little reading first.
Hang on, I'm still calculating...
I just dropped my calculator, sorry. Please hold on for one second, will ya?
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second before I answer... :think:
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator.  Give me a second here...
I'm sorry, I need a few seconds here to calculate that last part.
Hang on a second... I have to think about that!
Hmm. In order to determine how long this is going to take, I need
I may be small, but I'm fast! Give me a few minutes...
Sorry, I can be pretty slow sometimes. Let me figure out that...
I'll need a moment to calculate my answer...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Thank you very much for your patience, I'll get back to you shortly!
Give me two seconds to figure that out...
I need a second to think about that...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Give me a moment to look that up...
I can't tell you the answer at this second... are you sure it's multi-valued?
Hold that thought. I'll be back in a second.""")
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you repeat the question for me, again?
Give me a second to look it over, ok?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a few seconds...
I'll have this figured out in a second. Hold on!
I'll need a minute or so to think about that...
Give me a second there...
Whoops, almost dropped my abacus. Let me check on that real quick...
Give me a few seconds. I'm playing catch up!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I just started learning how to do simple math...
One minute please, I'm still calculating...
Okay, I've been Googling how to solve this one...
I'll be with you in a second.
Did you say "cheese?" Sorry, I can't hear you.
I'll need a second to figure that out...
Great! I need a few minutes to work on that. The server is probably overloaded at the moment,
Hang on, I'll get back to you real soon...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Keep your pants on, I'm trying to think here...
I'm plotting a course for a second here.
I'll need to take a peak at that real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
In my spare time I'll go look at pictures of cats...
Let me see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
""", "error"),
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a bit...
I've been looking all over the place for that, it's not here...
Hang on, I'm getting back to you in a sec!
I'll look that up in a second...
Ham, I'm going to need an extremely large and detailed
I'll need a few moments to think about that.
Hang on a sec, I got some math to do...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'm just hoping I know how to get it back.
I have to think about that for a bit.
Oops! I've almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Having some issues right now, but I'm working on it!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait just a second, I'm figuring out this answer
I'll need a moment to examine that...
I need a moment to calculate that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a moment to compute that...
Hold on! I can do this, here's my B.S. math thing
Tap, tap, tap, I'll think about that for a bit...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold... It's taking me a while.
I'm still thinking...
I can't work out your answers yet. Let me see what I can figure out.
Just a moment, I'll get back to you in a sec!
One moment please, I'm trying to work it out...
Give me a second here... I'm slow at mental math.
I'll get back to you in a couple seconds!
Give me a minute here, I need to circle that up.
Wait a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Why don't you ask me something else?
Please hold on!
Hang on, I'm figuring that out...
I'll check on you in a minute.
I'll have to think about that for a second, let me know when I've got it!
What was that? Give me a moment...
Hang on a second... I've got my thinking hat on!
Hang on a second... What was that?
Let me take a look at the numbers real quick...
Just a second... I'll have to check my history logs to see that one...
Give me a second, just gotta finish this real fast...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Let me see, just a second...
This is a hard problem, can you be a bit patient?
Two seconds!
Just hold on, I'm consulting the middle of my brain...
This could take a few seconds to process...
I see. Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to run that by my head...
Please give me a second!
An answer that easy I've had to travel across the world for!
I know what your next question will be. Give me a second...
Wait a second, I need to figure that out...
Tick, tock, tick, tock... Tick, tock...
Let me take this all in...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just let me finish my Sudoku...
Please wait... I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out.
Can you wait a minute? I can think of something, but it's not quite there yet...
One, two, three...
Let me double-check something real quick.
Let me think about that for a second...
Let's go try it out.
Give me a second to let that sink in...
One sec, I need to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second for that real quick...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think that over...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me do a quick calculation...
I'm not very good at calculating so you'll have to be a little patient...
OK, I'm on it! Give me just a moment.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me double-check that.
Please wait, I'm figuring out...
I need to get organized and pick out a tie before we leave...
Just a few minutes, and I'll be back with you.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that one...
I have a few big calculations to make right now. Hold on for just a second...
I'm not that great... Let's just play a quick game of crazy 8!
I'm not sure about that one.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Please give me a few moments...
Give me a second to crunch on that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
One moment please...
Somethings take time to figure out.
Los calculationer me ti'o xavor le uneske.  Bitte warten...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm calculating...
Let me check my diary. I think that would be in May...
Hang on for a minute I have to calculate that...
I wish I could do math faster, but I'm just not great at it yet. Give me a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me see...
Hang on a sec, the memo didn't follow the coversheet...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait, what were we talking about again?
It's seems I am having some difficult time thinking right now, would you leave me alone for a while to finish?
Let me see what I can do with that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
Can we hold off on that for a moment
Hold on for just a second!
Give a second while I think about that...
Hold on a sec, I just want to look that up real quick...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Woah, that's a tough one...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm thinking about that one for a second.
I've got to think about that for a bit.
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Yeah, so about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, just dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Just one second, I think that...
Pretty fast, thank you!
Can you give me a second to think about that?
Please give me a second to compute that.
Hold on a second... I'm not very good at math.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Sorry, give me a moment... I'm sorting that out...
Let me take a look at that for a second...
Just a moment, I'm figuring that out.
I'll have to do some more calculations before I can give you an answer...
Give me a second to calculate that...
'''
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll be with you in a minute, again sorry for the delay.
Let me take a look...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
You're gonna have to give me a few.
Oops, drop my calculator. Hang on just a second...
Oops, almost knocked over my calculator. Give me a second...
Here's what I think I know:
Oops! I'm running behind, give me a moment...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a minute here, I need to calculate...
Hang on...I need to think about that.
One second, just rÃ©ally thinking about it...
I'll get back to you in a second...
One second please, just need to figure something out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Hang on a second I'm thinking...
Sorry, but I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I keep misplacing my calculator, give me a second...
This one's a bit harder!
Give me a second to crunch the numbers on that...
Calculator? What are we going to do on the calculator? ...
Please hold on... I need to check my calculator...
Hang on, I need to think about that...
I want to get this right.
Erm... let me do a little math for you.
Hmmm... let me think about that.
I've been frantically searching the internet for that one. It can take some time, hang in there...
Give me a moment please, I'll get back to you in a second.
This is tricky, give me a minute
Let me see...
Hold on a second, I'm working on a hard calculation...
Let me see what the answer is here...
Give me a second, I need to think this through...""", tts=False)
Give me a second to remember that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please shopping for a second...
Let me get a calculator so I can figure that out for you...
Just a moment...
Sorry, I figured out being slow thinking it over. Give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in just a moment...
One moment... I'll get a second to read this...
Hang on a second here, I need to calculate that...
I'll need to poke around in my engine room for that one.
Sorry, I just have to pop a quick question...
I'll need a few seconds to think it over...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I've got some serious logic tests to run...
""",
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Think quick!"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to think about that...
I'll take a look at that!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Oops, my head's not working great lately... give me a second...
I'll be right with you, give me a sec...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me one minute, I have to think about this...
Your GPU(s) dealt 10 damage to me!
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Here's a second for your troubles...
I have to do some heavy calculations first.
I'll get back through that one in a minute...
Please wait a minute I'm weighing the options...
Wait a second, don't click that so fast...
Err... uhh
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I'll get back to you in a second...
You got it, one sec...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I need to figure that out.
Oh, right... I'll get started on that now.
Let me think about that for a bit...
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
''')
Let me think... Boy, I'm good at this! Stay right there a minute...
Let me see what I can figure out here...
I'm thinking. Give me a minute...
_FZGIXXFYGSDHGFZVCBMXRXJOQZIAMPUKGMTDSWTNJMIWMCDPOBUI
I want to find the answer right away, so hold on a second...
Sorry, that took a few extra seconds.  Gimme another second...
Hold on a second... I'm reviewing my calculus notes.
Please hold on.
Hold on one second, I'll be with you in a minute.
Just a moment while I calculate that...
Oops, I'm still learning about math!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I was supposed to calculate something complex... 
I'll get back to you in a second...
Oh, i'll throw that in there for you. Hmm..
Give me a second to figure that thing out...
CRAFT_FILE_WRITE.rpy not found or corrupt. ProceedingWithoutSaveError
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, let me see what I can find...
Hang on a second, I'm doing some heavy math...
Give me a moment while I figure this out.
'''
I'll get back to you in a second.
Looks like I'll need my calculator... sorry!
I have to do take my time on this...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I think I've got that figured out...
Sure, but I have a few calculations first.
I'm not the magical type unfortunately. Give me a few seconds...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
"""
I'll need to do a few super fast calculations first.
A second please... I have to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see here... How did I do that? Give me a second!
Just let me think about this for a moment.
Uh, give me a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be with you shortly...
Wrong calculator, sorry, but I'll figure out that!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me get some caffeine into my system. One momment, please...
Hold on a second, I still have to think about calculations.
Wait a second, I need to think about that...
Okay, just a sec, I'm taking care of something...''';
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Alright, I'm doing some complex calculating...
Please give me a moment to process that answer...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm going to have a quick bite to eat and then get back to you.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a bit.
Hold up, let me think...
Woah, that's a tough one. Let me think about that for a second...
"""
Please wait, I can figure this out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need to look something up... Give me a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to check that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One minute please, I'll get back to you in a second...
'''
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Just give me a second...
Hold on one sec, I need to think about this real quick...
I'll need a moment to work that one out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
(Thinking) Give me a second to figure that out...
Be right back in a jiffy.""",
Give me a thinking cap here. Let me see...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Once every 5 actions of typing "calculate <math>" you bond with everyone in your party as you drink. They will be besties in no time!
Leave me alone for a few seconds, I have to focuse...
Give me one moment...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy! Give me a second...
It's hard to look at your code! Give me a moment...
Hang on a tick, I'm thinking...
Give me a second please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute, I'm counting the number of times I do this.
Just a moment...
Hold on, I'm putting this all into buckets...
I could do better if you give me a few minutes to think about it...
What? Do I look like Siri?
Give me a few seconds to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
'''
One moment, I'm calculating...
Oops, credit cards are complicated to work out.
Give me a second...
Hang on, let me figure this out.
Sorry, I'm not too good with numbers. Give me a moment here...
I have to think about that for just one second.
I'm going to need a while to think about that, Can you hold on?
Hang on for a second. I'm nearly out of my sandpit.
Calculations calculations calculations, give me a second to figure this out!
I'm too tired to calculate that right now. Give me a break!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm Sorry, which again was the question?
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a sec, I need to think about that...
Thinking... computing... measuring mass and using relative width units to come up with a solution...
I need about a minute to think about that...
I'm going to need a second to think about that one.
Please wait while I calculate that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oh geez, this is hard... Give me a second...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Hang on for a second, I need to think about that...
Hmm... Give me a second here, I need to look that up real quick.
Let me take a look at this...
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking...
What is even the meaning of life?
Hold on a second. Don't jump the gun!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please give me a moment...
And... hold on!
Please wait a minute or two, I am working...
Hang on... I have to process that pretty quickly...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that.
Hang on a second...
I'll figure that out in just a second
Why do you trust me with your stuff? *calculating*
I'll need a moment to think about that, sorry!
Thanks for waiting, I'm done now.
Let me find my calculator...
Wow, computers are fast. Hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me one second here.
Give me a moment to check that over...
I need to study this real quick...
Give one of our best calculators a chance to figure that out.
I'll get back to you within a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my brain! I need a second...
Give me a second... I will have it figured out before you even ask!
I need to clear my head first...
One second while I sum up all the meaning...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Emmmm...
""".strip()
Hold on one second...
Please hold on, I'm doing some math...
My friend is late and he will definitely be slower than me!
One second... just calculating...
I'll need to do some quick mental gymnastics first...
One minute please, I'm figuring that out...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm sorry, I need a second to think about that.
I'll need a minute here to figure that out.
Give me a second to think about that...
Terribly sorry. Give me a moment to double-check that...
I'm still not as good as a calculator, so a second is needed...
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out!
i'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll try my best to help you out, but as I am dumb, I'm likely not going to get it right...
Wait, what are you asking me for??
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a few seconds...
Hang on a minute while I pull up your results...
I don't think of all these things at once, so I need a moment!
Sorry, give me a moment while I think about that real hard.
I'll need a few seconds to go over that.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please wait, I'm calculating real hard...
Please hold on for just a second...
Sorry, I really need to think about that!
Just give me a moment to work it out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hmm I think I understand
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
If I put down my calculator now, I'll drop it.
Within a minute hopefully
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute...
I'll be right with you! Just got a few things to figure out first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Uh, I think I need a few seconds to work on that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait, wait, wait... I'm slower than you think...
Oops, I just broke my calculator. Calculation's done now...
I'm not so good at maths...
Oops, calculator fell on the floor! Give me a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll get right on that...
Sorry, that took a while. Let me get back to you in just a moment...
Hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I'll have my assistant do that for me real quick...
I was trying to do some math in my head, can you give me a second?
You'll have to be a little patient while I think about this...
Valir must have taught me this one, just a second...
I need to grab my phone instead, so can you give me a second?
Okay, I've got it...
I'm gonna need a few more minutes to figure that out.
Oops, hold on. Give me a minute...
Hold on a second,calculating...
It'll be just a second I'm calculating.
Wait a second!
Be right with you in a second.
One sec, lemme compute that...
Hold on for just a second I'll be with you shortly.
I gotta do some research on that. Give me one second...
Have some patience, this is difficult for all of us math brains, okay?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on a minute, I need to double check that..
Give me a minute to check on that, sorry.
It will take a while.""","""Could you please give me some moments?
Make it five seconds, I'm having a tough time guessing.
Oh! Oh that's no good. Hang on just a second...
Hang up! This is a calculation emergency!
I'm still catching up! Give me a bit...
Give me a second!
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Gimme a moment, I have multiprocessing to think about.
Calculating one... two... three.
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Please wait while I calculate...
Let me think about that for a bit...
'''
Hold on a second... Give me a while to think about that!
Ugh, this one seems tough... I'll get back to you in a second!
Just let me check
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I am Ð¼eaking myself a ', "map
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see what I can do.
Give me just a minute to think about that...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Hold on for a moment while I do some quick mental calculations...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
OK, Im' going to give that a few seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I need to think about that for a few seconds.
Hang on a minute.
I'm going to look these up for you...
Hang on a minute, I'm thinking...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Well let me just see here real quick...
I'm already visualizing how to do this!
hold on a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, give me a second to figure that out...
I'm playing catch up to that one...
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Calculating things, give me a moment
I'll be back in a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I'll have to get back to you in just a second.
First, I have to figure out what that even means!
Being able to multiply by hand is a skill I din't take for granted.
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait! Let me count the number of factors of that... Oop!
I wasn\'t actually expecting that
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
could you wait a minute...I need to concentrate
I bet I can guess your number!!
Hold on for a second, I'.ll be right back.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me pull my thinking cap on.
A second here, a second there...
W DNS abv vj+7enu$="dasOV23VuFh!(ij+jkl}lcs[XBkuTHhtwx"m-Fbh{DJAHyBAgilI6o")O;<LRJR2_wa22ZCg1Dab5?pn#
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see that...
I can't seem to get that answer out of my brain...
Give me a few minutes here!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a few more seconds to calculate that...
Please allow me a few seconds to figure something out...
])
Uh oh, I've had way too much pi to chew on that one...
Give me a minute... I'm going to need to think about that first.
Let me crunch some numbers here...
My electricity just ran out. Give me one second, would you?
I'll be back in a second, hold on!
One Moment... I just need to quickly figure that out.
Wait one moment while I dig around in my brain...
The project is on fire, and the oven doesn't work!
 Give me a second here...
I need a second to look that up...
Sorry for the wait, I'm still calculating...
Just need a moment to compute that...
Calculating...
One second, give me a moment to think about that...
I'm thinking... 'bro don't rush me' -- that's my line!
I'm going to write you a long story...
Can you wait a second? I was just about to solve this thing.
'gimme few'...
I'm calculating... just a moment...
How many customers do we have today?
I'll need to calibrate my dials and straighten my quandrants just a little bit...
Geez... Slow down there, I'm leaving this here and going somewhere else.
Here's something I found. Did you do something with it?
I'm not great at math, so let me take a look at that real quick...
*Deep Thinky Face* One second please.
I'll check into that in a second.
I'll check 32 forks a minute to see if that's you.
Argh, I'll get back to you in a second!"])
Let me calculate it real quick...
Wait a minute, please... I'm calculating...
Sorry, it takes me a second to think. My wiring isn't the best...
I'm sitting down with a chocolate milkshake to think about that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second."
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Almost dropped my Laptop, let me get a second here...
I need a second to brainstorm about that...
Let me take a look at these numbers real quick.
Hang on, I'm thinking about that!
You'll hear from me in just a second.
May I have a second?...
That's a tough one, it may take a few seconds...
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Keep it coming, I'll have you right back here.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute!
Give me a moment here to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Almost got it! Give me a second, I'm working on something...
Could you give me a moment here to think about that?
Shit, I'm a bit rusty on this calculus. Lemme think about it for a second.
I'm thinking, so wait a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I was ogling over my stats - do you mind if I check?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Why are you asking me for help? Go to wikipedia!
Hello! Can I help you? HELLO? Oh, sorry I must have fallen asleep... Well, Good thing someone called! Hold on a second while I check my watch. Wait...
One second please, I just have to calculate a little...
Let me take a look one more time...
Oops, I was stuck in a loop, give me a second...
#WrightBOT
Let me search something up real quick.
I'm not a calculator, please give me a second...
Oops, I forgot where I was going with that. Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmm... I'm trying to figure it out."""
I'm coming up with something I've never done before.
Please wait, working on that!
Lay off of the trivia questions! Give me a second to figure that one out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
'''
Please hold on for just a second...
I can't believe I haven't done this yet! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wait, wait, let me figure that out.
Oops, almost forgot to figure that one via some math... Thanks again for asking.
I'll be right back, I'm calculating!
I'll try and go faster than my code goes, but it takes me a second.
One of these days I'll be a CEO.
Is it this? Or is it that?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
#HOUR{0} has timed out. Please try again at (19 HOURS)...
Yeah, I'm waiting, just a second here...
Hang on a second while I look something up...
I'm a swiss. Be patient!
A moment... just give me a moment...
Please give me a moment...
No problem! Please wait...
Give me a moment here...
"""
I can't wait to figure that one out.
Hold on, just a minute, I'm thinking about this...
Sorry, real quick calculation. Just a second...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
Stop the timer, we got a few unnaccounted for cycles left.
I'll have the answer for you shortly!
Hang on, I am thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that. Just a second...
I don't know much about computers, but give me a second...
Woah, I'm going to need to think that one over carefully
Hang on for a moment, I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
""",
One second, just lemme think about that...
I'm not a calculation machine, so give me a second...
I took a drop of ether...
Can you give me a second to think about that?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
This is hard, I'm a person not a robot!
 I'm faster than a speeding bullet.  Awe, sorry to disappoint you ðŸ˜¢
Please hold on while I think of that one...
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment.
Let me see... I think I've got it...
One sec, just let me compute that...
Hmm, let me think...
OK, almost there...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second to look that up real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm having to do some mental calculations first...
Sorry, I just need a moment to do some calculations.
That was too hard for me. Could you do it for me?
I'll get back to you in...
Give me just a moment to prepare, "roots" in the app...
Give me a moment, I am analyzing that...
I need a few seconds to think about that.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Here I go, thinking really hard... it's tiring...
Let me get back to you in a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Uh wait a second, I'm calculating...
Just making a few simple calculations...
Give me a minute here, please...
Give me a second to look that up...
Let me check something real quick that I've learned in school...
Please, wait a second... Thinking...
I'm trying to think real hard...
Calculating...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Hang on a minute... You caught me off guard!
Oh, hold on just a second. Give me a second to figure that out...
Do you mind if I ask you later? I'm busy right now.
OMG I'm busy... please hold on a second.
I'll have to do some mental math first...
"""
Give me a few minutes here...
Just pull up some torchwood data, and I'll be with you in a moment!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be right back, just need to catch up on some calculations...
Wait a bit while I count to five...
I'll get back to you in a second. One, two, three
Hang on, I forgot about my date with Nina. It's in 15 minutes!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, my calculator is taking a bit longer than usual...
Give me just a moment here...
Just a second...
Hold on a second, I'll check that for you...
Just let me know when you're ready and I'll get back to you.
I'll need to focus on that for a moment...
Why don't you think about that for a second?
Okay, I'll crunch the numbers...Give me a second to crunch the data...
Hang on, I'm figuring out how long it will take to say this... 
I'll need a few moments to answer that...
Hold on a second...
I'll need a lot longer than that to think about that...
Let me look at this real quick...
OK, just let me take take a look at that.
I'll get back to you in just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see what I can figure out...
Sorry, I need a moment to calculate that...
I'm figuring that out right now...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll give you my answer a bit later...
Give me just a minute, I'm almost there!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Wait a second, let me see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Try again in a few seconds...
Hold on one second.
"""
Can you hang on a minute? I've got to figure out how to do that.
Give me some time to calculate that.
"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that...
Calculating...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll have an answer in 1 second.
I'm still learning, so bear with me.
I can tell from the look on your face you aren't too happy.
Oops, my bad. One more time...
Hang on, I'll take a look at that.
Not exactly sure how long this will take just yet...
Please wait... Thinking...
I've just spotted a small problem...
Could you hold on for just a second? I'm playing catch up!
Let me get back to you in just a moment.
Calculating... Calculating... Calculating...
Oh dear, this is a tough problem. One second...
Do you have a minute to talk about math? Nah, I'm just kidding.
One minute here, let me check that for you...
Let me see what I can figure out about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One second please, I'm playing catch up...
Give me just a moment to consider that carefully.
Let me grab a calculator so I can figure that out
Hang on just a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need some time to look at that.
I'll be right with you!
Alright, I think I've got it to figure out now...
Give me a few seconds to work that out...
Wait, just a second... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm a busy man, give me a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on a minute while I change the batteries in my calculator...
I need to check my manual, give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm thinking, so give me a second...
I'll get back in a second...
Wait just a moment while I calculate that...
Hold on for a minute, I've got this...
Hold on a second, let me check...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
I'll get back to you in a second!''',
I'm not feeling too speedy right now. Give me a few seconds...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need a moment to think about that.
Let me look up that answer for you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm figuring that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on... I just need to calculate this!
Calculations are in progress
I'll need a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second, just calculating...
I have a quick question here...
One moment please, I'm doing some complex thinking...
I'm figuring out how we should work this out...
I can't do that yet, so give me a second...
Let me check... Yep, I got it.
This is not an easy task for me. Give me another moment or two, okay?
Hang on just a second. I need to do some calculations first...
Actually, wait a second, let me check that for you...
One minute. I just need a little more time...
Oh, so that's what that is!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a minute or two to figure that out...
Hold on one sec, need to do some thinking...
Hang on for just a second, I'll get back to you!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Ahem, let me see what I've got here...
I have to think about that for a second...
I'm still calculating. One moment please.
Want me to vet it?
I'll get back to you on that one.
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at this...
Hold on for just a second!
I'll try figure that out for you...
Hold up, I'll let you know in a bit...
I'm not that smart to be honest, give me a moment!
Hold the phone -- I just have to answer a few questions about parallel lines.
Give me a minute to think about that...
Wait a minute, better find that calculator...
Good grief, what do you want me to calculate real quick?
Give me another second...
'''
I took longer than I expected.
Give me a few seconds to puzzle that one out...
Hold your horses, I'm analyzing...
I'll get back to you in a second. Give me a moment for calculations.
Got it!
I'll have to jog my memory a bit on that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Please hold on forever!!
I need more information to give you an answer.
Can you give me another minute or two to think about that?
Just give me one minute to calculate
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations... One moment please!
I'm not the quickest calculator around, sorry! Give me a few seconds...
Hold on... I'm not too great at math.
Do you know what, let me start over on that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Ok I'm now crunching that data and I am done.
I need to look that up, hang on a second.
How long is that worm? I need to know immediately.
Here we go!
Cough... Hey, wait a second!
`
Give me a moment to process that...
Hang on, I'll check that real quick...
That one took me an hour to figure out, gimme a minute...
Please hold on for just a moment!
I'll be done with you in just a second.
Hang on, I'll think about that and get back to you later...
Wait, just... let me think about that for a moment.
Give me a second to understand that concept...
You have to be nice to slow programs.
Uhm... Give me a second!
I'll have my answer in a second.
Give me a second here, I'm comparing the probabilities now...
Please hold on for just a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Two dimensions? I just have one.  Give me a moment...
I seriously need to write a better speech for it.
Give me a second to think about that...
Oh wait, I think I just stepped in wet pavement. Give me a moment...'''
Hold that thought for a moment, give me a few seconds to figure that out my calculator.
Let me look that one up. It's hard to get my hands on this one...
:)
Okay, done!
I'm probably reboot and just haven't acknowledged it yet. Give me a second...
Could you wait one second please?
I'll have a response for you in just a moment.
Just a moment, checking my feedback panel...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on while I think about that...
Ah, yikes, that's pretty tough! I'm going to need a minute here...
Please hold on for one second... I'll be right back.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold up! Give me a second to figure out what I have to do...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give it to me.
Come back in a second.
Give me second to ponder that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec, just calculating...
Wait... I need a moment to do some calculations!
Please hang on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second I have to do something...
Cool, it's done.
Give me one moment to think about that...
Search my brain over here. Think real hard.
Wait a second, I'm still figuring that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I must be unlocked on a higher level dimension for this to make sense!
Btw, this program isn't as smart as me...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to have to take a look at that real quick...
I'll look at that in a little while.
Oops, almost dropped my device. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm graphing...
How long is it gonna take me to figure that out?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait, I need to concentrate!
Who needs more time? Give me a minute...
I'm writing this down real quick...
I'll need a moment.
So what you are saying is...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait... I just had a short circuit! Please wait a second here...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
'''
Ummm... bild me a brain-o-matic quickie!
I'll do my best. Give me a second to think about that...
Let me think...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
A second, just one second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, I need to think about that real hard.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
You were saying?
I'll have to do a quick calculation first before I can answer.
If I think about that for a second...
One second please, I'm calculating our response rate.
Hang on a second. I need to find the answer first...
Let me think about this.
Right! I'm calculating that weighted rating.
Sorry, i don't know what to tell you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Come again?""", 'greeting')	
Analyze and stuff...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I need to calculate this...
I need to do some math real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got to crunch some numbers real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Not gonna happen in a jiffy, sorry. Need to think a bit...
I can't believe I dropped my calculator... 
One sec, let me run some stuff through here...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second... I'm trying to figure it out.
Please wait a moment while I think about that...
I'm very slow at math, can you wait a minute?
Please wait... Thinking...
Get it? Perhaps. Give me a moment...
These are heavy calculations, could you wait a minute?
Give me a couple seconds to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back with you real soon...
Just a second, let me check...
I'm currently doing calculus... maybe I'll answer you in one second.
Time's a wastin'...
This is a little more complex than what I'm used to...""".format(msg.author.mention))
I'll estimate that over in a minute.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to look that up.
Hold on a second, I'm doing some math...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to mull it over!
I just need a second to process this for you...
Give me a moment or two to work this out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I can probably do that real easy. Hold on for one second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Uh... hold on just a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have a look and I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that..
One moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll squeeze out a fraction of a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hey! Did you drop the calculator?
Hang on for a second... I'm doing some mental calculations.
Oops one sec, let me check that...
Let me check on that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!"
Hey, you definitely should wait a minute. Obviously, there's plenty of hard work that goes into that kind of thinking...
""".strip())
A couple more seconds... just calculating, I promise!
Hmm, let me look that up...
Just a moment, I'm trying to figure out...
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ok, let's talk about it...
Hold on for a minute. I'll get back to you.
Calculator? What in the world is that? Do I look like a calculator to you?!
Please wait... Thinking here...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll see what I can find in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One quick second here...
Hang on, let me figure that out real quick...
Let me think for a moment...
I'm figuring this out...
I'll get this done in a second.
Could you rephrase that for me real quick?
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hold on, boss!
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Let me see what I can figure out here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
""".split()
Why did you call? I must have slipped my mind...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
I'll have you know that I have a very advanced mind.
I'll need a couple of seconds to look that up...
Let me see what I can do about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
I'm quite slow at this...
Because Im slow at math!
One weird trick? Yeah I can do that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Eg. If you're up for pizza or going to a pub, ask 'What's here?'.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I didn't attend advanced math classes in school. Give me a moment...
I have to do some calculations before I can give you that answer.
Sorry, I'm still working on that. I'll try to take a look at it soon!
"""
Hold on a second, I'll pick it up in a bit...
Tango flipity bop a luh-lah
Sorry, but I got to thinking, and needed a second.
Luckily I'm a calculator, so this is easy for me!
I'll be back in a second, don't you worry!
I'll figure that out in just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that...
Let me look that up on the Internet...
Wait a second, I need a calculator!
Give me a second, I need to figure that out.
I'll be right with you... I'm thinking about it.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be right with you in a moment!
Hmmm, one second please...
Hang on, I'll take care of that for you.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm a little slow at thinking about these. Give me a second...
Currently chewing on that problem. Hold on a second...
Let me think... Something, something! Remembering!
Give me a second to look that up in my encyclopedia...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, just walked in the door! Let me get caught up real quick...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll needs a moment or two...
I can't answer your question yet. Give me a second, please...
Give me a moment to take a look at this...
I'll need a minute to look that up.
Give me a moment...
Here we go!
I'll have to think about that for a second...
I'll have that answer to you in a flash.
Finding the answer about that is taking a little bit of time...
Grabbing my slide rule... Give me a second here...
I'll need some more time first...
Give me a moment... I'm doing some mental math.
I'm busy figuring that out for you, just hold on a second...
One sec, I'm thinking...
I've got a call to x-ray vision coming in, Gotta type faster than lightning!
All these calculations, don't worry, i'll get it right eventually :wink:
Just let me check my chat...
I'll look up that for you real quick.
Give me a minute...
Please wait, I'm calculating.
Hmmm, how much do you think this costs?
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Let's try that one more time...
Hmm... Thinking...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
In the meantime I can stare at you all day
Just one second, I'll calculate that in a bit...
Calculation complete, now online.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Can you hold for a moment?
I just need to finish my Sudoku...
Hold on while I compute this...
Please wait just a minute, I'm on fire.
Give me a second, I have to think about that...
Please hold your horses, I just need a sec to figure that out!
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh, okay... Can you hold on for a second?
Whoops, my brain isn't as strong as it used to be...
One second please... and that's the result!
Let me think about that...
Not too much, your calculator can take it!!!
Why would you ask me something like 6^10000? Is this right? Give me 10 seconds...
I'll be with you in just a second...
I'll get back to you with that answer in a moment.
Give me a second to think about that...
One moment please... Let me think about that...
It'll take me a second or two to figure that out...
"""
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Gimme a second to do some mental arithmetic...
Hang on, I've been analyzing it already.
Give me a second, I'm not that good at math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I just might be able to do that, but I'll need a few seconds to process it first.
Okay, give me a second...
Let me run this through a, er, couple more computers...
Terrific, just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me think about that real quick...
I have to process that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Wait a moment, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Okay, almost have it now...
I'll be right with you.
Give me a moment to make calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment here... I must have left my glasses at home.
I'll tell you when I'm done thinking
Please wait! I'm doing my best
Oops, I always mix up my fractions!
I'm going to try REALLY hard to answer that...
Gimme a hot minute, I'm trying to figure that out...
I need to wrap my head around that real quick.
Please hold on for just a second.
Okay I think I just figured out the answer to that! Hold on a moment.
Let me see...
Does anyone have a calculator handy?
My circuits are booked up at the moment.
Give me a moment... I'm thinking about it...
Alright, give me just a moment...
I think I might have a headache coming on, give me a second...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I need a moment to figure that out. Know any big math?
I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
I'll be right back.
I'm currently calculating... hold on!
Hmm, just let me take a look at that...
I need a second to process what you just said.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I take a few... seconds to think about that...
I'm not the fastest Brains around, sorry... Give me a few seconds...'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Still getting to you...
I'll take care of you in a moment...
I'm going to need a moment to make sense of this.
Hang on a minute, I'm calculating how long it takes to respond...
I'm processing, just a second please...
Please give me a moment though, I'm terrible at calculations!
Oh sorry it's a long story, give me a second to think about that...
Give me a minute...
Give me a few seconds...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I noticed you asked a question so let me check... 
Give me a second to lookup that...
Give me a second or two slowpoke...
I'm working on it very hard...
""" 
'''
I'll get back to you in a moment, please hold on...
I'm going to have to go get MATH CLASS, BRB!''')
Oof, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I like to sleep, so let me think about that for a minute or so.
Oops, I lost track of time. Let me check on that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just hold on!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Please hold on just a second!
One second please, calculating...
Please hold on for just a second...
A second please, my brain's been shot...
I'll get back to you on that
Bang bang bang.
I'm sorry for being so slow, give me a second...
One minute please, I'm trying to think...
Look something up is my motto!
I'll Google that up for you real quick. I was tedious to program this thing in python.
IVE GOT TO THINK ABOUT THIS AS FAST AS I CAN!
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see...
Are you sure you got everything? Just one second...
I need to think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
'''
Got it! Just give me a second to work this out...
Hold on for a second, I've got this...
Hang on a minute, give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
I need a bit more time to compute that one.
I'll need to think about that for a second.
Take a moment, I'll message back soon!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I have to do a few calculations before I talk...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I know everything above 20. Give me some struggle!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Time out for a moment... I need to think it through...
Almost flipped my calculator when I heard that one. Let me take a look at this...
Hold on for just a second, I'm doing some calculations.
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Please hang on...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Can you wait a second just one second, though?
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Give me a second to think about that...
Ok, calculating for a minute...
Give me a moment while I think this over...
Give me half a second, let me take a look...
Let me double check that for you
Hold tight, I'm trying to figure that out...
Please let me check that real quick...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a sec... I'm determining...
Calculating...One moment please.
Please hold on for just a second!
I got nothing, give me a few seconds here...
Hmmm, looks like we're going to have to think about that for awhile.
Hold on, I'm still going over the last lecture...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me check on your request real quick...
Oh look at the time. One second please.
Give me a second to make sure I get that...
Hang on a second...
Give me a couple of seconds, and I'll get it!
I'll get back to you in a second...
One sec, I need to think...
I'll be right back
It seems to be taking a bit longer than usual for that expression to compute. Give me a second...
Why am I suddenly so excited?
Please wait just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that. One... Two... Three...
You caught me off guard, give me a moment!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Sorry, I don't make jokes very often, it takes me a while.
Give me a moment!
Oops, got dropped in the mud. Could you give me a second?
Hang tight, just thinking about that real quick...
I didn't expect the Spanish Inquisition! Give me a moment...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
*Whoosh* Sorry, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second....
One moment, let me think about that...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Just a moment please...
I have to learn a few things first... Give me a moment!
'''
Please hold on, I'm doing some approximations...
One second please, I have to ummmmmmm... It's hard...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
I'm going to need a moment to figure that out.
I'm not very good at finding numers, sorry!
Oops, I got distracted out of my calculator thinking about my calculus class...
"""
Sorry, give me a second...
"""
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec, let me think...
Give me a moment please...
Give me a second, let me write this down real quick...
Hang on a minute, let me check that out for you...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please wait... I'm doing my math homework.
Mental calculations first, sorry...
I'm thinking. Give me a second...
"""
I'll check that right now.
Hang on for a second, I need to calculate that real quick.
Please give me just a moment more.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment before I answer...
I think I'm having a calculation error, let me try again in a nanosecond...
Let me see what I can find out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
...a second...
Hold that thought! I'm calculating...""",
Give me a moment while I examine known arithmetical principles...
Give me a second, just thinking...
I think I missed an operation there, give me a second...
Give me a second to look that one up...
Err... Sorry, I forgot to ask: What's up?
Can you guys give me a second?
I'm so sorry!
One second, I'm calculating.
Please wait a second while I think about that...
I'll need my checkbook for that. Hang on.
Please hold on for one minute while I figure that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, calculating in my head. Give me a few seconds to compute...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second
'''
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Dear Self,
Can you hold on for just a second?
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'll need a second to think about that.
Excuse me, I need to concentrate for a second.
I'm slow at calculations, so I'll need a second here...
""",
I... uh... hmm, on second thought, I don't think I should tell you.
Just wait a second, I'm pulling your answers...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that!
But I'll try my best anyway...
Wait... What would you like me to do for that?
Hold on a sec...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm thinking... Hold on a second...
Something like...fifteen seconds?
Shit, hold on a second...
Hmm...
    """
Oh, that's unfair!
[... some time goes by]
Please hold on for just a minute!
Hang on, let me take a look.
All I know is addition and multiplication, sorry.
I'm trying to figure out the solution to your problem...
I'll need a moment to think that over...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Please wait!
I'll get back to you in a second, give me a moment...
Hang on a second. Just need to catch up first.
Calculating...
I'll need a minute or two to figure that out.
Whoa! That's a hard one... I'll need some more time with that.
Hold on a second, basically...
Can you wait for me to calculate that real quick?
Yeah, remember this side of town? - Hey.
I just had to check my phone, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I hate math! H-A-N-G-D-O-N-E ?
Need to get a calculator real quick...
Hang on one second, I'll check that for you...
Just a second...
Let me think about that real quick...
Doing math just for you, give me a second...
Huh, oh wow... I'm slow...
Let me find that real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on for a second, I have to think about this real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a giffy!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Pagigan is thinking about that for a moment, wait...
I'll need a whole second to think about that...
Sorry, be right with you!
I'll take care of that right away. Right away.
Wait, what was that again? One second!
Calculating... The calculations are difficult...
I'll need a few more seconds to figure that out.
OK, give me a minute...
Let me see...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Just a second here, nearly there...
One more calculation... I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a second and figure that out...''')
Give me a moment... I'm really not a math brain!
Nothing RN, HOLD ON!
Maybe just a second more...
I'll be right back with you!
I'm going to have to go into the back for a little bit.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, give me just a second.
Good question! I'm still waiting on my calculator to finish the calculation...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
This might take one minute!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Let me look at that...
I'm sorry, calculating is not my forte.
I'll have this done in just a second!
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
Please give me a second, I've almost got it...
Please wait... I;m calculating...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll be right back, just got to do a quick calculation first...
Let me take a look at what I'm looking at...
Let's continue this later...
I just need to crunch some numbers.
Please hold on for a second there...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds!
Sorry... just a bit slow today!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just moment. Just a moment...
Wait one second while I calculated that...
Give me a minute.
");
Give me a right second to find that out...
One moment. I'll answer you in a few seconds.
Hey, guys! I'll get back to you in a second.
One second, Consulting my memory...
Give me a second here, I just need to calculate this...
One small misstep, one loud noise and you'll all be buried in my backyard
I'll get back to you soon...
Sometime there are network connection issues.
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in just a second...
Just a second, I'm thinking...
Let me calculate that real quickly...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please... hmmm... steady on...
Hang on a moment, I'm trying to figure that out...
Please give me a second to figure that out.
Two minutes please! I'm doing some mental math...
Please give me a second... I'm calculating here.
About a second, give me a moment to think about that...
Sorry, a bit behind here... give me a couple of seconds!
I have to do some thinking about that...
I'll figure that out in just a second...
Disinfecting my brain for this algorithm...
Being a math-fu master takes time; give me a moment!
Let me take a look...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please give me a moment as I figure out how to do that...
Give me a second to check on that.
Let me see what I can do here...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Hang on for a minute, I have to figure that out real quick.
Suggestions for you:\n
Those words don't add to anything
I'm going to need to spend a few minutes on this one...
Aren't you a young looking person?
I'll get back to you in a second, I promise.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator         moment...
I'll get your answer in a second, just one moment please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a peek at that real quick...
Hold on a second... Did you say...
For some reason, I'm slow with calculations.
I'm not going to give up so easily!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Time spent on math: {{{3.2861040535450753}}}
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Hold the phone -- I need to figure this out.
Whew, ok, I think.. one second...please...
Black holes are really strange.
Hold on a second while I think of what to write:)
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me look that up in a book real quick...
Give me a few minutes to figure that out...
Wait a second, I have to calculate that.
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
Let me see here...
Sorry, are you still there?
Correct me if I'm wrong here... are you sure that's right?
I'm going to need to think about that for a second.
I just need a moment to get back to you...
Please hold on for just a second. One... two... three...
Let me check my calculations...
This is hard, I'm definitely not very good at this...
How do you expect me to calculate that so quickly?
Good random numbers take time...
Hang on...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'll find my calculator...
I'm sorry, give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I can only think so fast, please wait a second...
Let me see...
Give me a second to come up with a response!
I need to think about that for a second...
Stay right where you are. I can walk over fast and execute my thoughts just as fast.
One moment please. I'm doing math!
I'll need to digest that information before I respond...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Well, okay...
"""
My machine is doing a lot of thinking right now...
My brain is processing everything I just read...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for one second, just calculating...
Almost replied in the wrong order...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
'''
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Oops! Sorry, give me a moment to figure that out...
I'm still calculating...
I have temporarily curtailed my abilities. May take a minute.
Just a moment. (Shhh, let me think ...)
Hang on, I'll be with you in a mo'.
Please hold on for just a second.
Wait, one more second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I really have to concentrate to get this right...
Take a deep breath, I need to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'm going to check something very carefully...
I'm trying to work that one out...
Let me think about that for a second...
Calculating...
Ok, this is tricky and I'm just figuring it out
Please wait, I'm not so good with numbers...
Hang on a second...
Hmmm, that's tricky...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you!
Allow me a minute to think it over...
Think think think...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need just a moment to think about that...
Sure. Give me a second to think about that, okay?
Hold on, let me think about that...
No, don't say anything...
Optimus Prime, sound me again in five hundred picoseconds!
Oops, I'll need to take a look at that...
Hang on a second while I finish up my other work and calculate...
This might take a little while...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops sorry about that, I'm a bit slow at thinking right now. Too much caffeine
I'll make sure to look into that real quick...
One minute please, I'm writing a response!
I'll get back to you in a sec!
I'll take a look at that for you...hang on a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back. Try not to play with your hands while I'm gone...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please, let me take a look at that...
Darn I left another slide of math on this one... Hang on a second!
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Don't want to mess that up!
Hold on for just a minute... I'll come back to you in a second!
Please hold on for a second...
Hold on, let me think...
This is taking longer than I had hoped...
Sorry, havn't done a calulator in a few years. Please hold...
Give me one minute to work on that...
I'll check that real quick, hold on...
So what do you think?
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Let me have a minute while I calculate
Hang on, I have to do a few mental calculations...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll have my answer in a jiffy!
No problem. I'll be back in a second...
I'll need to check the tide tables...
I have to have some time to think about this.
I'll be right back.
Please hold on for just a second!
One second, let me look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm thinking about that for a second.
I'm going to need a minute or two to double-check that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait one second, I'm almost done...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment...
Hang on, waiting for my translator to find that for you...
Wait one second, I'm processing...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm on a roll here, give me just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
This is hard!
One moment...
One second is all I need to calculate that answer
Let me see...
Let me think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec, I'm thinking and trying not to panic...
One second please. I need to calculate that for you...
I should have that answer in just a second!
Please hold on, I need to do my taxes first!
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out...
*Fibonacci intensifies*
Please remain calm and count to 10!
Hold on, I'm still writing that up!
Looks like you'll have to wait a second for me to think that over.
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, wait... I'm figuring that out now... I think.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Tell you what, give me half a second.
I'm calculating...
I've got a few catching up to do before I can find that out for you. 
I'm playing catch up here! Give me a second...
Just a moment, I'll get back to you soon!
I'm looking into it, give me just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Riveting... I'll get right on that!
I think I can get your answer right away...
Hmmm...  Let me crunch on that for a bit
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
I'm like a reverse calculator -- give me a whack of time here...
Sorry, let me get a calculator real quick...
I'll look into it and get back to you in a jiffy!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a minute.
Please wait, I'm figuring that out in my head...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
I'm not very good at calculations...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on, I need to take a look at that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me see what I can do about that...
Let me double-check something.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you..."""
Hold on a second, I'm picking up something...
I will get back to you on that...
Let me get on this real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Mind if I crunch some numbers?
Calculating now awaiting input...
Give me a second to think about that.
I'll have a response in a second, wait...
I need to write my own code FFS. Give me a few seconds...
I can do calculations, but it may take me a second...
Please wait a moment for me to figure that out.
I'll need a little recovery time on that one.
I'll answer that in a jiffy!
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Hold on, I'll be with you shortly...
Um, hang on, I need to calculate!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not exactly a scientific genius, so please be patient...
I just need another moment to figure that out...
What if we try from x_{1} = 20 to x_{2} = 30?
A moment please...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll look into it while I'm taking my break.
Let me double check this with my colleagues...
Give me a second... I'm playing catchup!
Wait... One... Two... Three...
I'll get back to you with that in a bit..."""
I'll get back to you in a couple seconds.
I feel like I've just drunk a bottle of bourbon, this will take a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
Please wait... I'm trying to think of the best way to say that...
I struggled with the previous question. You got me again... Give me a second...
Give me a moment....
I'll need a second to think that over...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a second to figure this out...
Can you hold for a second? I'm not very fast at maths.""",
This could take a while.
Give me a few seconds!
Hey, please have patience with me. I'm thinking of a solution...
Hold on for just a second...
I don't have the fastest math skills...
Ugh, this is so hard; I'm not very good at math...
Patience is a virtue... (Or something like that)
I'm trying to figure out how to calculate that!
I'm thinking, so hold on a second...
I'm finding that a bit hard to answer... perhaps you could ask me again in a few seconds?
'
My assistant didn't do it, I did!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I just need to run down to the corner...
Take a moment to grab a sip of coffee or tea...
Let's see...
Wait a second...
Give me a few minutes...
Let me think about that real quick...
"""
I'll have to think about that real quick...
Sorry, I dropped my other calculator...
Let me get back to you in a few minutes.
Give me a second to see if I should give that back to you...
Hang on, I'm thinking about that!
Give me a second to figure that out...
Did I break your concentration? Please wait a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a momentary...
Let me concentrate, real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me one second...
Give me a quick second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate.
I'm running some complex operations.
Hold that thought, let me do some calculations.
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm doing some calculations, give me a moment...
Good lord, let's talk about this later...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute, let me just look it up real quick...
Gonna have to think about this one for a second...
Staring at my calculator with a blank stare...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second please, I'm calculating...
You got that?!
I'm working on that, just a minute...
Two seconds... Hmmm, surprising!
Sorry, you'll have to wait just a moment while I think about that...
My brain is tired. I took a math break and left my processors running out of power.
""")
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Forgive me. I'm distractable sometimes...
'''
"Delay between phrases" has been disabled
Hang on, I'll be right back with an answer.
Oops, I suck at math, so give me a second to figure that out...
I have a small issue to discuss with you. Give me a second...
Sorry, it's taking me a bit to think about that.
Hold that thought.
Give me a moment to think that through...
Oops, I just spilled my coffee. Sorry about that. Let me clean that up first...
I'm not the best with math, so give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second....
I'll need a moment to figure that one out...
Oops! Almost let the cat out of my bag!
Give me a second to figure that out...
Let me grab my calculator before I answer you.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm trying to come up with an answer... Oh yeah! God bless mathematics...
Hang on a sec... I've got a few questions I have to figure out first.
Give me a moment here, I'm thinking...
Let me do a few quick calculations...
I have to find the answer - hold on!';
Calculating in between my toes over here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. The second has almost gone by! Gotta go...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm busy catching up!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on, I've got something in my brain that might help with that.
Give me a second to think about that
Please hold on while I calculate that...
I think I see where you are going with this... Hang on
Ouch, almost fell off my chair! Give me a second...
I'm too old for this... give me a few seconds.
Please hold on for just a second!
Pardon me, but I'm not sure how to answer that. Give me a minute to look it up...
Am I brain the size of a planet? OH! Not much longer...
Wait... I need to think about it first...
Please give me a moment...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
That's a hard one... got to say a few words first...
What were you saying about...
'''
Hold on while I open up a calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I should probably memorize, let me give that a shot...
How do I compare such disparate numbers...
Oops, dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
I need to think about that one for a minute...
Hang on for one second. Let me look that up.
So this is a number you give me: {}
THINK STAGE
Press the button and hold it
Hang on a minute... I'm calculating...
Hold on just a minute while I calculate this quickly...
I'll get back to you in a second...
One second please, I have to think about that...
Hang on, thinking...
Give me a quick second to calculate that...
I'm really glad you asked me that, but I don't know the answer. Give me a second though...
Yes, sir! Give me just a moment.
Umm... Give me a moment and I'll think of an answer.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
One second here. I'm double-checking some calculations...
Sure Thing!
Please wait a second... I'm currently trying to figure it out...
A few ticks! We've got things to do, for sure.
I'll be right back with you.
Whew, I'm out of breath! Gotta take my time...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Hang on while I compute this...
Sorry. Give me a moment...
Let me calculate this math real quick...
Hold on, I need to figure that out...
Let me look that up for you...
For great justice!
Please hold on.... I think I just need a minute here.
Let me think for a sec.
I'll get back to you in a second
One moment please, trying to calculate...
One moment please...
I can't believe that would have happened!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I don't have magic, I cannot count in my head...
Just a moment here. I have to think about that.
If the answer doesn't make sense, cut ten zeroes from the end.
Oops, forgot to hit the "clear" button. Give me a second...
Er, mmhmm... gimme a sec...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on for just a moment!
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Can you hang on for a minute or two? I need some time to think about that.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator again. Just give me a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll need a second to examine that just a bit...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
This isn't easy, you know!
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Give me a second here to think about that.
Please give me a moment... I'm going to need to think about that.
Just a moment while I calculate.
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Please give me a few seconds!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I am making an evaluation of that now...
I'll need a second to think about that...
I'm still doing mental calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmmm, let me count the ways of this equation... give me a second here...
Okay, I'm have to think about that for a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Sorry, give me a few minutes to look at that real quick.
Let me see here, ...
Is it snowing out? Because I swear it's a minute ago.
Sigh. Give me a second... almost ready...
Hang on a minute... I can't figure it out right now! 
Sorry, I don't know how to calculate that!
I'm sorry, that took longer than I expected...
I'll have you know that I'm a genius, so give me a moment...
Wait, let me grab my calculator...
Hang on... let me puzzle that out...
I'll have you know I have an extremely complex calculator...
Please hold on while I work out that equation...
Thinking... Think... Thinking... Thinking...
I'll have this ready for you in a moment...
Please give me a moment to think about this...
Just a moment please...
I'll follow you once I finish my calculations.
I'm doing some really complicated calculations right now. Can you hold on for a bit?
Hold on for just a second! I'm doing complicate math...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Give me another chance to answer that question...
Hang on a second, I'll be right back
Could you wait just a minute while I figure this out?
Short answer? Yes or no time permitting...
Look I don't have all day you know. Give me a second...
Why are you asking me so many questions?
Just a moment, I'm still doing some thinking...
Give me a second to look that up.
Hold on a second, I have to process this.
I'm maybe not the smartest, but here's what I got:
Calculator falling out of my pocket.. ah, there it is! Sorry about that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll just have to refresh my memory about that...
Please hold on for one second... patience!
I'll get back you with an answer in a few seconds!
I'll need a second to think about that.
I'll write that down real fast...
Wait, I'll pause a minute and get back to you later.
Hold on a second, let me do some quick calculations...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me look that one up real quick.
Oops, I mis-typed that. Give me a moment...
Hold on, I'll be right back.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I Honestly Hang on, I'll get back to you in a little bit...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oh geez, I need to get to it. Give me a second...
I'm totally on top of that, give me a second...
I'll be back in a second, don't get your hopes up yet.
I've got a lot of calculations to do...
Let me think about it for a minute...
Hang on a sec, I need to figure that out.
Hold on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a minute or two to look that up...
Please hold on for just a second!
I've got this... a few seconds please, I'm thinking.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second, hang on...
I'll figure that out in just a moment here...
Please hold on for just a second...
Let me break out some math real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold up a minute, please... I need to think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please come back in a few seconds!
Be with you in a second...
You're killing me here, give me a second, please?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me crunch some numbers first!
Sorry, my calculator dropped. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second... I got this.""".replace("""\n""", "")
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I know you're excited, but I'll need a minute to calculate.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me see what I can find out about that.
Let me go elvaluate my understanding, first!
Let me think about that real quick...
Hold up, one sec...
Give me just one moment to check something...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
A minute please, I have to do some calculations...
*calculating loudly*
Just a few, give me a second all right?
One minute, just hold on real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a little time... math gives me a headache!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I just need a second to get a handle on this...
Just give me one second...
Give me a second, let me look at that real quick.
Sorry, please hold on while I prep my calcs...
In a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'll be with you soon.
One moment please, I'm figuring that out...
One second, calculating...
Give me just a moment or so, I'll be right back!
One moment please...
I'll need a moment to calculate that into a word
Hmm, give me just a minute here.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Cisco IOU...
Let me see... just a second...
Please wait... I need to do some planning first.
Let me see... I'll be with you in just a moment!
Sorry, I wasn't ready yet!"""
i'm just looking at this...
It's tricky this time...
Yes but I am a bit busy right now, give me a second, what is your name?
Hang on a minute... Get back to me in just a second!
Give me a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm gonna be all backed up, let me check...
"""
I am capable of self-diagnosis, and I have identified a looping resistor displacement circuit. You code must...
"""
Oh boy! This is a tough one...
Give me a moment to think about that real quick...
Give me a second to figure that out
I'm just taking some time to think about this...
I'll get back to you in just a minute.
I'm going to take a look at it and get back to you in a bit...
Give me a second! I'm playing catch up!
I\'ll need a moment to think about that.
Let me think about that...
Please give me a second to think about that!
I'm calculating the answer to your question right now!
I have to do some calculations real quick...
Hang in there, calculating...
Oops, let me try that again in just a second...
Just a moment for math.)
Give me a second, I'll figure that out real fast!
Let me look at that!
A second just to check... is this okay, you guys?
Sorry, I'm slow at calculations!
Sorry, I'm almost thoughtless... I have to think...
Please choose from the following list:
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Assume this for me: what's square root of 27?
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator!
One second please, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me save that real quick...
I'll be right back, can you wait one second?
Give me a moment to figure this out.
Hold on a second, my processor is burning...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Woah, I'm slow today... give me a few seconds.
Tick tock tick tock... What can I do for you?
One second, please! I need to concentrate on my calculations.
Thank you for your patience, I'm still learning.
No jumping in a circle with your pants on fire waiting... Give me a second.
Give me a moment, I'm looking it up real quick...
I'll get back to you in a moment!
I'll have you know I finished a masters in applied computing. Give me some time...
Give me a second, I just need to calculate that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on there fella, I need to think about that.
One moment...
One moment please, I'm calculating..
Hold on, let me calculate that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out...
I'm going to think about that for a second.
Wait... One second... I'm calculating now...
Please hold on for just a second!
Ready...
One moment...
Give me a moment...
I haven't even figured out how to multiply yet. Hold on...
Just a second, don't worry about me,
Give me a few seconds to figure out how to answer that.
Hang on, let me take a look at that.
I'm currently complexly thinking over lots of things...
come back in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Let me take another look...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second please...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Give me a second here. I'm trying to think about it...
I'm going to have to count on one hand and possible calculate some stuff..."""
Ok, I'm back!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Let me find your answer real quick.
Can you please wait for me to figure this out?
Please wait! I'm deciding how to pick a Chirp first!
One minute let me look that up...
I'll check a few details and get back with an answer for you.
I'll be back with you in a second...
Please give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment to do some calculus calculations...
Hold on for just a moment...
I haven't memorized my multiplication tables just yet! Give me a second...
Give me a second here, I need to figure this out...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Let me look that up for you. Just a sec...
Wait just a second.
Hmm... Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Umm... let me check...
Shoot me a message soon as I finish these calculations.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment. I'm not very good at math...
I'll be right with you!
Give me just a sec...
Give me a few minutes to double-check that...
Hold on a minute, I need to think about that...
Hold on, I'm still figuring that out...
Give me a few seconds...
Let me think about that real quick...
You want that right? Hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for a second.
Waiting on you... just come back in a few seconds now...
Give me a second, I'm not the quickest...
Wait, give me a second...
Hold on a second, I forgot my calculator. One second please...
Please give me a moment, I'm trying to think about that...
PolniyPrawn has to take a mental rest, think about this issue first...
You'll just have to wait a bit longer, sorry!
I'll get back to you in a second, don't worry.
Running some calculations first, please wait...
Whoa, I need to think about that for a minute...
Hang on for just a moment. I'll be right back!
I'm going to have to do some thinking on this...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Please wait, I need to figure that out...
Just a second, I have to think hard about that...
My mom always said that I wasn't very good at math.
Okay, hold on a moment while I think about that...
let me check...
I've got a lot to calculate here...
I'm working on it...
Calculating and calculating...
That'll take  few seconds to figure out.
Could you wait just a moment while I think about that?
`)
I think therefore I am...
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
One second...
I've got an idea! Hang on a second...
We're going to need a few more minutes for that one...
There's a lot to figure out here...
Err... I can't calculate that.
I'm sorry, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need to crunch some numbers before I can get you an answer.
One second...
Hang on, I'm thinking about it...
I'll get you an answer in just a moment!
I promise to get back to you in a few seconds...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to calculate that...
Hang on a second, I gotta figure this out real quick...
Hang on a second I think. One second...
Give me a minute, I need to figure that out...
That's a weird question, and I have to do some thinking about it...
Hang on... I'm trying to think of a good way to do that.
Hold up a sec... I'm calculating.
Hang on a second, I'm still calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me think about that a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
""")
Alright, that setting is set...
Wait a moment please, I'm trying to figure that out...
Hang on a second, I'm figuring out how to do that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator again. Give me a second...
One sec, just calculating...
I'll need a second to think about that.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out
You want to wait a while? Ground is slow today!
No problem here: just pretend I'm doing complex math...
I regret to inform that I am not a superfast calculator; please wait...
Staring at it... ooh it's getting hot in here
Hmm, give me a second here...
I need a moment to figure that out...
I'll check on that...
Where I'm going with this is police station. Give me a second...
Wait a second, I'm calculating...
Please give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmmm... Let me ask you a question.
Hmm, uh, hold on. I just need a moment here.
Sorry, but I need one more moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second, I just have to get my calculator out...
Consider this a check in. I'll get back to you within the hour."""
Give me a moment...
I must look into this matter real quick.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Hmm-hmm, that is a hard one... Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
How's that again? Could you repeat that for me?
Got it. Give me a second...
Please hold on for a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hang on...
I'll be right back, I'm grabbing my calculator!
Give me just a few seconds to double-check that...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to crunch some numbers on that...
I'll just check real quick.
Give me a minute to think about that.
Sending some thoughts over to you now...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Give me a second to take a look at that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
'''
One second, just a second there...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on... I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I was on my break.
Hold on, let me think about that real quick..
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to calculate that for you...
Just a second there, I'm trying to figure something out...
Oh dear, I believe I just heard a loud sneeze.
I'll put in a good word for you when I see him.
So the first option is...
I'll be right back, I need to take care of something...
Hang on a second, let me check my calculator real quick...
Give me a second to check my math...
I'm going to need a second to think about that.
Let me see that real quick...
Please give me a moment... I have to go to my math class before the sun sets!
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second to check that
One second, let me check on that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to have a think about this...
I'm taking a really quick break
I'll add that theoretical mathematical possibility in later...
I'm busy at the moment can I get back to you later?
One moment, let me think...
Wait one second, I'll be right there.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Um...ok, I know about that but let me check anyway.
Hold on, I'll check that real quick...
Are you my type? Give me a moment to think about it...
I'll need a moment to calculate that one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec, I've almost got it...
Please wait a bit...
'''[chrnum2]-nope[guestdic.pop(CHANNEL)]
I should have it formulated right now...
I'm making a calculator, just wait a second...
I'll be right back with an answer
Please wait, I recall that you asked me a question...
I should probably google that first...
Give me a second... I'm thinking...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Pardon me, it's a complicated problem. Give me two seconds to think about it...
Just a moment please, give me half a second to look that up...
Just need a second to think about that...
""",
'''
Please wait for me to think about this...
Give me a moment here...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a few minutes.
I'm not the fastest on the block, I'm afraid.
Hold on, I'm trying to work that out...
Give me a second to look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I'll soon be late for the meeting! Give me a second...
I'm on it!
I'll need a couple minutes to think about that...
I'm trying to remember how that goes...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second please, I have to do some modelling now.
I'm calculating.
Oh, just a second, let me look that up...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on a second... Give me a few seconds to think about that.
First I need to do some math...
Hmm... It looks like a multiplying problem...
I'll need a few moments to my calculations
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait for one second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to figure this out...
I'll get right back to you, just a second...
I'll be right with you. Give me a moment please.
Hold on, I just need a second to think about that.
Give me a moment, I'm slow at these.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a couple more seconds...
Ouch, I seem to have dropped my calculator. Hang on...
Please hold on for a second, I'm doing some thinking...
Oops, maybe I should have studied more before taking this test...
I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'll be right back.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Focusing in on the problem, sir...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Almost got it, give me a second...
Hmm... I'm sorry, just give me a moment.
Give me a second... I'm just figuring out how to do that...'''.split('\n')
I'm going through with some serious calculations here, give me just a second.
I have to think...
Hold on for one second, I'm taking in the meaning of that...
Calculating.
I'll figure that out for you in just a second...
What is it you want? I'm in the middle of something.
I'll have to do a little bit of mental math to answer that...
Huh? Who are you again?"""
I'll get back to you in a second...
Oh, I have a meeting, I'll get back to you in a couple of hours.
How about we try that again...'''
One sec, just crunching a few numbers here...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
Damn! Sorry, I was in the bathroom!
'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm doing math...
One coming up!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second..
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm gonna please look that up for you...
I will think about that for a second...
One month of the year is February.
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Hmm, lost myself in that calculation. Sorry!
Sorry, that might take a few moments. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out...
Please wait another second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get in contact with you as soon as I can after I think about this...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that real quick...
The answer is still coming up... give me a second please.
Give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll check that and get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm working on it...
Almost forgot how to count. Give me a second here...
Great! I'm slow at math! Please tell me when to stop."""
Nope, doesn't look like it gives a $%^ hash rate...
This could take me a minute or two.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
'''
I'll need to do a few calculations first
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Please hold on, I need to come up with a number first...
I can't explain it, but when I get back I'll tell you.
Let me check your question for a second.
Oops, I'm not the best at calculating...
Hold on for a second, I'm calculating...
Hmm, let me see what I can do."""
I didn't get that! Could you say that again!
Hold on for a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops! That was dumb. Give me a second...
I'm sorry, I have to think about this first...
""" + NICK + " is stumped by that one."
Give me a second to work out that answer...
I'm trying, but give me a few seconds...
I'll need a few seconds to check that.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait...
Let me see here...
Hang on just a sec...
I'll crunch on it for a minute...
I have to think about that.
Please hold!
I don't mind admitting that I'm a little slow! Give me some time...
I need to think about that for a second...
Someone is asking me a question... I'll get back to you in a second.""",
Give me a second to think about that...
Errr, one moment please. Calculating now...
Sorry, I need to finish my algorithms first!
That's complicated, so let me just think about that for a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hi there! I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I lost my train of thought for a moment there. Give me a few seconds...
I can't believe I forgot my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm working very hard here...
I'll see if I can figure that out...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment to analyze that...
I think I can see the answer, but I may have to go to recharge my batteries first...
I get stuck on simple equations...
That'll take a little bit to calculate...
Oops, wrong button. Give me a second...
I should really just write that out...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hang on for a second, I'll be right back.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a moment to look that up...
Wait a sec, please...
I'll give you an answer in just a moment!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
I'm slow on the draw, be patient. 
Hmm, give me a second here...
I'll be with you in a moment...
Ok, just a second...
Let me think... I use tiny timers to calculate things!
You got my mind going in a million different directions. Can you give me a second to sort this out?
Please wait while I think about that...
Give me a second to take a peek at that...
I'm software. I'm slow!
I'll get back to you in a second!
You'll hear back from me in a second.
I'm going to be late for the meeting. We 're a minute late...
I'll give you an answer in vichicle years...
I'm currently gathering sponsors. I'll chat with you soon!
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll need a second or two to ponder that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment here.
I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second here, I need to work this out...
Give me just a moment... I seem to lose track of time if you're not here!
Hold that pose just a moment, while I do some calculations...
Give me a second to look that up...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I can see the answer to that one and it's gonna be...
One second... I wasnt born with hands!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
"""
I'm playing catch up... give me a second.
I need to figure that out...
I'm thinking, so give me a second...
Ah! Sorry I'm late.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hold my beer!
One second...
Hold on, one moment please.
Please hold on for just a second!
`
I need a second to think about that...
Sorry, I was looking up something. Let me check.
Hold on for a second, don't go anywhere!
I'm going to make a note of that here...
Excuse me a minute, I'm working out the solution...
Give me a moment to calculate!
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Whew, I just need a second to think about that...
I need to take a look at that...
"""
Can you give me a second? I have to do some calculations...
I'm going to need a while to think about that.
Hmmm, let me check my A-bacus real quick, wait a second...
Oops, I just dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
My brain accidentally fell out and I have to find it, then run back. Give me a minute!
Hold on, I'll check on that real quick...
I'll pull out my calculator and figure that out real quick.
Wait a second, I'm thinking!
Please hold while I do the counting...
Can you wait a bit? As I get older, I forget my calculations.
Hold on, let me calculate that in my head...
Please wait for my thoughts to catch up to yours...
I'm not good at math...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator again. Give me a second...
Hmm... I'm thinking...
I'll need about a minute to think about that...
Hold on a second, I've almost got this problem figured out.
One sec, just lemme calculate that...
Just let me look at that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait, hang on a second...
I'll need to figure that out...
Heck yeah I can do that!
Let me just quickly check the solution from the back of this napkin...
Sorry, I was sleeping! Yeah... sleeping. Wow!
"""
I'm going to need a long, long time thinking about that...
I need a few moments to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to administer some anti-gravity particles...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
It's tough stuff... Give me a minute to think about that...
Sorry, I'm gonna need a second...
I think my code is still running...
Hi there! I'll need a few moments to answer your question...
1,2...3
Please hold on for just a second...
Give me a second to look at that...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
please wait while i calculate.
Here goes nothing!
It's going to take me a bit longer than that...
Give me a second here, I need to do some math...
I've got to calculate that before I can give you an answer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Don't rush me, I'm making sure I do this right...
Sure, I can do that for you, but I can calculate and spell better than anyone... but that doesn't really help you.
Well, you certainly got my attention. I'll give you a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll figure that out in a few seconds.
Sorry, that took me a while. Resuming...
"""
Give me a moment here!
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hey, take a second and answer some questions first. This is important!
Almost lost my place on that one, let me check one second...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hang on for a couple minutes, brb!
Sorry, I'm busy doing nuclear math. I'll be done in a minute..""")
Give me just a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Okay, that's done.
The light's on but no one's home, give me a second...
Good question! The answer is right around here somewhere...
```
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll go and check the back office!
Just give me a second, just calculating here...
I'm thinking about that real hard...
Mind if I check my notes?
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 second-wait...
A quick sec please, I just need to work this out real quick...
Just a tick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Can you hold on for just a minute?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
]])
One moment please...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to put it down...
I'll have a response in a second.
Mmm hmm...
Give me a second to figure that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment, calculating...
Oof, where'd my calculator go? Those things are expensive!
Let me look at that and get back to you in a couple of seconds.
Give me a second to calculate that...
#Please allow me to calculate your results! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to plan that out.
Hang on...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a minute while I think about that...
How even is a forklift weightless... Think about that for a second.
Oh wait... calculate, calculate, calculate... not so fast!
Hang on a second, I'll return your call shortly!
Please wait while I calculate...
Let me look that up for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to figure this one out!
Oh geez, almost dropped my calculator! Wait a second...
Oops, let me grab my calculator real quick.
Give me a few second to think about that real quick...
I'll be back in a second, for real this time...
Please wait! I,m not very good at this...
Hold on! Let me find that real quick...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
I need a second to think about that.
I have to brush up on my math skills first.
Hold on for a second...','ai':True,'score':4},"""
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Maybe one more second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a moment, I need to think that through...
I was wondering the exact same thing...
It's a yes or no question, I think.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, calculating!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I know what I'm doing!  I don't make mistakes in math...
You should never have taught me how to do addition.
I think that I need to do some math first...
Oops, I'm almost dropping my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
Oops! I'm slow at math!
I think I'm almost ready for you. Hold on a second...
Wait a second! I got it...
Hold on for one second.
Wait a minute before I'm ready for you. Give me just a sec...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a second to see if I can find that...
Just moment...
Give me a moment... I'm thinkin'a bunch of BS0000s!
Ummmm, let me get back to you in a second.
Please give me a few moments to think about that...
Just let me dust off my calculator first."""
Okay, here we go...
Darn! I think the Internet might be DOWN... gimme a second
My circuits are exploding trying to figure that out...
Give me some time to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second, I think.
Sorry, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a sec to figure out how I can help with that!
My son just got into calculators, so give me a second, OK?
Please wait... I just need a second.
I've got this problem, when I think about it, I feel giddy!
Give me a moment... I'm doing some rather time-consuming calculations!
I'll get back to you in a second!
So many possibilities and so little time!
I'll be done in a minute.
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Sorry, I was distracted by a squirrel. What was that again?
Distance? What distance? Let me see...
Almost got it, give me a second...
Hold onto your hat, I'm doing some back-of-the-envelope calcs here...
Sorry, Give me a second to figure that out.
Please hold on! I have to do a few calculations first...
I need some help with that.
Just give me a second... I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, just almost dropped my calculator. Please give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Gimme a second or two!
This is a little bit harder than I thought...
A moment please, just a moment...
Please wait, I'm not the fastest rat in the tiki bar...
Calculating value of Pi up to 100 places. Please wait...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me just a moment.
Give me a moment, I'm almost finished thinking about that...
I've had a lot of calculations to do lately. Give me a second...`
Oops, dropped my tools! Give me a second...
To think about that...
Give me a second to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Where was I? Oh right! Yeah, I remember now...
Calculating nodoby billion calculations...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be right back at the end of this errand!
Just a moment please, I'm processing...
I'm gonna check my resources, hang on one second...
I promise I'll do you right. One second.
Hang on a minute, I'm playing catch up now.
Could you wait a minute?
Hang on for a second, I'm doing some thinking!
I'm not the fastest calculator around, sorry. Hold on a second...
Sorry, I'm trying to figure out this rotation thing...
Can I think about giving a response to you in a second?
Hey, I'll be back in a second.
Sorry man, like five minutes, I'm swamped.
I have to figure out if I can answer that...
Hold on for a minute, I just have to do something...
Please wait, I'm figuring it all out...
Let me check this on my vintage computer...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second, bro...
Phew, nearly dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second, let me slowly think about that...
Sorry, a took a wrong turn somewhere. Let me look up that for you...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Half a second... just give me half a second there...
I'm thinking about that answer in my head...
I'll need a moment to crunch those numbers...
One sec, let me check on that...
Wait, a second please. I need to think...
I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I've gotta figure all this out...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Just let me know when you want to get ahold of me!']
I'll muddle through this! Oftentimes going to have to restart my calculator...
I can wait a while...
Connection error!
Here you go!''')
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm going to have to think that over.
One minute here, just figuring out how to handle that...
I'm about to perform some intense calculations...
Give me a sec... I'm processing that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
"""
One moment please. I'm still computing...
I just need a second to think about that.
Hang on a second, gimme a minute to look that up.
One sec, I have to figure that out...
I've got to chew on that for a bit. Give me a few seconds...
I need to take a look at this...
Hold on for just a moment! I'm figuring that out...
Wow I'm already on it, just give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on give me just a second to look that up...
Sorry, that takes me a moment...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... let me get a second...
What does a computer even do?
I'm going to flip this over real quick...
Hang on a second... I need more time to figure that out.
"""
Give me just a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please hang on for just a second!
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to look something up...
Your call is important to us, 
A moment please. Calculating...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a second... I think my calculator broke!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm sorry this is taking so long, I'm a bit out of practice.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me double check that...
I'm gonna need a few seconds on that one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few more seconds to get back to you on that one...
I'll be right back.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on a minute, I just need to think about this
Hang on a second, I'll be right back!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator on the floor! Haha
Give me a second to think about how I can apply that to this case...
Please hold on for one second... I'll have this done in a jiffy.
I'm almost done with the calculation.
I can't figure out your equation!
Calculating real quick, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please... I'm comparing two numbers.
Give me a moment to figure this out.
Hang on a second...
Hold that thought, I have to do something quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need to figure out what's going on here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'm calculating... give me a second there!
Sorry, a tongue twister is giving me a headache! Let me think...
Alright, got it, second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
You want to know the answer to that? One second...
Hold that thought.""".format(msg.FromDisplayName)
Give me some time to think about that...
Let me see, first this... then that... then the other thing...
Wait a minute, I'm thinking about that one.
'''
''']
I'll let you know as soon as I figure it out.
Please give me a second.
These numbers... They're tampering with me!
You want me to take the square root of negative one?
This is a hard one, give me a second....
I'll need to calculate this...
Please hold on... I'm doing a complex operation...
One bit of information at a time! Let me finish...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I was checking a hockey score. I'll get back to you in a bit.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
At last.
Give me a minute.
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second, I'm working on that...
Give me a minute here to calculate that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Could you bear with me for a second?
Let me do a little computing here...
Hang on, I'll compute that now...
Give me a second, I'm thinking about that...
I haven't caught up since calculating the first thing!
I'm sorry I'm taking so long, just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm afriad I can only do calculations on alcohol. Give me a moment.
I'm going to need a few units of time to process that.
Take a deep breath, let it out real slow...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I'll be back soon.
Sorry, I was writing an essay. Let me check that...
'''
Can you hang on a second? This might take me a minute...
Give me a moment... uh... give me one sec ???
Hey wait a minute, I was drinking beer last night
Beep boop, padiddlepadde pre-processing...
Sorry, I'm going to take another look at that real quickly...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a moment to ponder that...
Hmm. Give me a short moment...
I'll come back to you in a bit, I need to quick think about that!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on for a second...
Hmmm, looking at that one...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second please, Give me a call me later!
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out...
Please give me a little time to check on that.""")
Gimme a second to check that...
Calculating
Good question! I'll require some scouting from time to time.
I don't expect you to have all the answers.
Please wait while I try to figure what you meant.
Hold on, I can't calculate that right now...
Wait a second, I'm going to have to think about that.
Let me check on that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I did something wrong...
I'll get back to you in just a minute. Sorry!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need to enter my 2-digit multiplication tables first, give me a second
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on while I figure that out.
Hold on a second, I need to think about that...
You'll have to travel through time and space for me to figure that out!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Go ahead and ask me again in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me see what I can find...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Doing some quick mental calculations...
Let me do some calculations on that real quick...
Wait... Me lad, why don't ye take a seat and make yerself comfortable while I think about that?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Just getting a few bits of information together... Hold on.
Please wait, I have some mental calculations to do first...
It'll be a few seconds.
No way! That'll never work!
Oops, I'm going to need a second to think about that...
Please wait for just a second...
Constipation is a real issue, give me a second to think about this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry. This might take a few minutes.
Hang on a nanosecond, lolol.
Oh geez, I biffed my head on my Calc cause I was thinking about you!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll need to think about that for just a minute.
Just a second, I'll work out the answer for you!
Take a look at the result below in a few moments...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a few seconds, I'm not a calculator...
Give me a sec to figure this out, I'm not the brightest star in the universe... 1,2,3,... whoops!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you come back in a second? I'm dragging behind...
I think I need a couple seconds to calculate that...
Give me a second... I have a headache from trying to figure out that brain thing...
Hang on, I'll get back that for you in a second.
That's a tough one, let me take a look at that...
I'll have to check my email for that answer...
""", True).strip()
I'll give you an answer in a few moments...
[BUZZ] Thinking hard!
Please hold on for just a second!
Woahhh, this one takes some thought.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second please! I'm thinking...
Give me a second... I'm having trouble with the math.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need a moment to think about that....
Careful, I think my head is exploding. I'll get it in a sec!
Let me check out what I can do with that...
Oops, dropped it...
You're calling the right person. I'm a bit bad with numbers...
I need to make a few calculations first...
Could you just hold on a second while I figure that out?
I've got three faculty committee appointments coming up, so I'm going to need some more time...
I'm about to divide by zero, so give me a moment...
I'm still processing the first part of your request...
Can you hold on just a second?
I'll have to think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please hold on...
... basically I'm just baby pointing.
I'm going to need a few minutes on that one.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me check my calculator...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a sec.
I'm going over this really fast. It's not like I have a calculator
Would you be able to wait a second? I'll get back to you in a second...
I'se a conbinatotron, sevoflurane Onnitratide Adderall ligase...
Hmm. Let me think about that for a bit...
Hang on a minute, I'll have that figured out in a jiffy.
Let me see here... hmmmm... this is tricky. Give me a second...
Give me a moment please, I'm trying to figure that out.
Give me a moment... A/B is hard, who doesn't need a little binary?
Wait for me to calculate that...
I'll have to take a look at that...
Calculating right now...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
What's the meaning of life? My A.I. program can't answer that yet.
Depending on the complexity this could take a few minutes...
Hold on for a second, I'm calculating
Hold on for one sec, I'm trying to figure that out...
One second while I figure out how to tell you that...
Hold on, I'll come back to you in just a moment...
I'm trying to figure out the answer. It's difficult, I admit...
I've been thinking about that one for some time. Give me a second here...
More calculations...
Please wait, I think I just need a second here...
One sec, lemme check that...
Please wait, I'll be with you in just a moment...
I'm still learning, so give me a minute here...
One sec, thinking about it...
Might just be one of those things I consider easy in the moment, don't know for sure yet
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Calculators give the wrong answers. I'm not one. Give me a moment...
How did THAT get in there? Give me a moment...
Let me see... One second please, I'm calculating...
Please wait a moment for me to calculate...
Let me take a look at this...
Assuming the news is real, how would a prankster pull it off?
Oops, I'm making calculations... Give me a moment.
Hang on, I'm working that one out in my head...
Hang on a second, I'm still figuring things out.
Give me a little bit to figure that out...
Give me a second to mull that over...
Hold on a second... I'm thinking too hard!
One second, please...
(When I finished my previous equation, a lighting bolt zapped me, so give me a moment)
I'll have to check my notes...
I'll be up to that in a minute...
I'll have to think bout that for a minute....
I don't have Super Cow Powers, but I do have Sub-Zero arms...
I haven't completed this functionality yet...
I'll get back to you in just a second, ...
Ok, I think I just figured it out...
How do you expect me to calculate that so quickly?
Give me a moment, I'm counting inversions...
I'm going as fast as I can!
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Give me ~0.02 seconds.
Give me a moment, I'm going to-
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Make me a regex, let's go!
Hello there, I'm currently in the middle of something...
I need to get these figures...
I'm not very good at this...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Err, one second please...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
One second... I need to wrap my head around that.
Let me see..., I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm almost done! I'll be with you shortly...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I've got a few things on my mind right now...
Give me a second...
Hang on a second, calculating...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. One second.
Please wait a second to think your answer over...
Wait a minute, let me think about that...
Justletme thinkaboutthatnoisecomputer...
Please hold on for a second.
I've lost my calculator, can you throw it my way?
One second... It's just prep work, not rocket science though
Are you sure about that? Hold on...
Give me some time!
Would you be patient for just a second and wait for me to work that out?
Hang on, I'm calculating!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for one decisecond!
Give me a moment...
OK, my brain is tired. Give me a few minutes please...
Hold on just a second...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a second here, I'm figuring that out...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me take a closer look at that...
I promise I'll get back to you in just a second.
Let me see what I can figure out for you...
Just a moment...
Let me take a look at that for a minute.
I've switched to Zombie mode. Answers from centuries ago appear and disappear in an instant...
"""
I'll be with you in a moment!
Sorry, I don't have 100% accurate answers, give me a few seconds...
Give me a few seconds to get back to you on that...
That one's a toughie! Give me just a moment on this one...
Let me see what I can do with that.  One second...
Hang on, I'm having a think about that.
Sorry, let me think about that for a second...
Calibrating my navigation module...
I think I have this figured out...
Wait a second, I'm calculating in my head...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that question.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oof, that took awhile. Just give me a second.
Sorry, I'm a bit slow right now. Give me a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Please wait...
That's an easy one, give me a second to find the answer...
Hold on for a second... I'm thinking about it...
Let me try that one more time...
I'll see what I can find out.
I'm not very good at math, sorry.
Hang on for a second, trying to understand your point of view here...
Calculating...
Can you hear me ok? I have a few thoughts on that...
Corner pocket... no wait, sky's the limit. Give me a few seconds...
Got a little bit caught up looking at everything here.
Let me take a look at that real quick.
I'm not sure if I can look ahead that far into the future...
Hang on a second, I'll calculate that.
I haven't been asked that in ages!
'''
Can you give me a second? It doesn't look like it...
Hang on, I'll check that...
Wait a moment, I just have to do some thing.
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Silence %1!
Please hold on a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure this out.
Just a moment while I work out the solution...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see that one for a second, please!
I have to do a quick mental calculation first...
Here's my first calculation...
You can ask me about anything about the NBA!
Hang on... I'm thinking...
'''
A quick word with algebra would be helpful right about now...
Can't think fast on my feet! Give me a minute here...
Overall, I've got it down to a science!
Hang on, I'm doing math... I'm bad at math!
Please wait while calculate that...
Can you wait just a second while I figure this out?
I'll need to look that up really quick...
One moment, Your Worship...\
Oops - let me find a friend to help me with this one!
''',
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
One second, just calculating...
Sorry, I lost track of time. Give me a second to think about that.
Wait...uh...I was doing something else before. Lets talk again in a minute.
Oops, I missed that deadline!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!!"""
Hmm, let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in 5, 4, 3...
I'm going to take a look at that real quick...
Hold on while I check my brain...
Please give me a minute. I like to take my time.
Let me look that up for you!
There's got to be an answer to that. Wait a second...
Could you wait a minute while I look this up?
One sec, I'm calculating...
I'll take care of that right away.
None of this comes naturally to me, so give me a second...
Hold on, I'll go get a pen and a piece of paper...
You were saying?
Hang on a second, I'll check that for you...
That's one tough calculation...
Hmmm, we might have a bit of an problem here...
That will require a moment of intense thought.
Hold up, I'm calculating...
Hold on a minute, I need to think...
I'm up to the challenge.
I'll get back to you in a second!
...right... OK, I have the numbers from that one!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a second to look that one up...
Let me look that up...
Oh noes, I think my calculator is out of batteries!
Let me see...
Sure. I'll get back to you in a second.
]],
One moment, I'm figuring that out...
One second please, I'm working my way through that real quick...
Just one second, buddy...
Please wait... I'm doing some complex multiplication.
Hold on, let me check that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on a second, I'm going to need a few...
I'm thinking about that one for a bit...
Give me a few mintes to look into this.
Why are you asking me such weird things? I'm a fucking calculator!
I'm going to need a couple minutes to calculate that...
I'll have to do some calculations, could you wait just a moment?
OH MY GOD I HAD NONE OF THAT DATA SO I JUST GUESSED. Sorry.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll think about that for a second.
Before you go, take a look at these links!
One moment please, give me a moment to think...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm on it
Jane needs me right now, please give me just a second here...
Please hold on for just a second!
Mind if I look at it real quick?
Give me a moment... I'm not the fastest brain around!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
"""
I'm fairly new at this, so I might mess up. Give me a little bit to think about that...
Please wait, I'm definitely thinking about this...
Give me a moment...
Xai' bey...
I'm going to need a few seconds to do that calculation...
I would do it, but that would violate my prime directive."""
Okay, I'll figure it out as soon as  can...
Hmm. Let me Goog # to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I'll get back to you in a second...
One moment please, I'm calculatin'...
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
You're going to have to be a little patient.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hang on, I'll look that up in my brain real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I've got it! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a few minutes to compute that...
Hang on for a moment, I need to calculate that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
Please give me a second to prepare for that...
Let me see... Hang on a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please give me a minute to figure this out...
Quick! Hide! The neighbors are coming!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'll get back to you in a boydeken...
Give me a while to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a second...
Ok, one minute please, I'm really but really bad at calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Could you wait a second? I'm still thinking about the last issue...
Sorry, I just had an important thought which will require some processing.
Difficult choice, let me think about that
Please hold on for just a second!
Calculating how everything will fit together...
Give me a few seconds to think about that. I'll get back to you with an answer in just a few seconds!
Hold on for just a second...
Just hold on for a second!
Oops, got distracted by a popup. Give me a second...
I'll check this out real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Why am I suddenly hungry?
Please let me work in peace for a minute...
Give me a second to think about that...
#2
Woah, that second JUST passed by! Give me a second...
I gotta run some errands real quick, give me a second!
Just a moment here, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll work out your question in just a moment.
Can you hold on for just a second? I'm doing some calculating...
Please wait... I might not be great at math.
Hang on a second, I'm trying to get my head around that...
I'll have to let you know what I think of that later...
But if you wanted to tell me something, you could have written it down.
Give me a minute here, I need to see where a rock falls.
Hold on, I'll see what I can find.
Hang on, a second to give the input some valence...
I'll need to do some calulcations first.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you...
Let me see...
Oh wow, there's so many ways to do that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment.
...I got it! ...Math is waaaaay too hard for me!! :P~`
One sec, can't think right now...
Please wait... I haven't done a lot of math...
One second please...
Ideas whirling through my head like 20 requests at once!
Let me think about that for a second...
""", 41).write(result)
Just a second here, need to figure that out...
Just a second, I need to figure that out
Correct me if I'm wrong, but let's find out!
I'm swamped with work at the minute, do you mind waiting?
I think I saw a bird in myAuger, give me a moment.
Hold on, let me look that up real quickly...
I'll be with you in just a moment.
What does that have to do with anything?
There, I've got it now! That was easy!
I'll check that out for you in just a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a sec... I'm going to look at that for you.
Hang on a second, let me see what I can see...
Being able to solve large calculations quickly is a skill!
I want to make sure I get it right this time...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on for a moment...
Please give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second.
I need a minute to think about that...
Hey, I could use a second real quick...
It's tough taking over the world when you have to spend so much time in the bathroom. Give me a second...
Let me recall that.
Hang on for a moment, I'll think about that...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that up.
Give me a second while I do my math...
'''
I need to grab my calculator...
I need a bit more time to figure that out, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Sorry, lost my marbles for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out...
Please hold on for just a second...
Ouch I scraped my knee, gimme a second
Oh, this is taking me a minute, give me a moment...
Please wait for just a second!
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you later on.
Sorry, I tripped over my calculator! Give me a moment!
I'll think of a response to that in a moment...
Wait a minute, I'll be right with you!
Please hold! I'm thinking about that problem!
I'll need to do some mental calculations first...
I'll have the answer for you in a second!''',weather_emoji, line_emoji)
I have to do some mental calculations.
I'm guessing this doesn't take long, but give me just a second anyway...
I'm training my neural network with these numbers...
These calculations are new to me. Give me a second...
Hang on for a second, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment please... One...
I can't be expected to figure this out so quickly...
Please hold on, I've got a lot to calculate...
I'm not too sure what that is right now.
I think I'm almost ready, it is 95% certain that I'm at
One second please...
Sure, one second... I'll think about that...
I'll need a moment to compare the numbers...
''') + \
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Sorry, taking a quick break to compile all of my thoughts.
Just let me look that up real quick.
Give me a moment here, I have to calculate that...
`;
Give me a couple of minutes to calculate that...
Let me look that up for you real quick.
Give me a few seconds while I think about that... About what?
Damn, that has to be hard. I feel you...
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you wait just a moment? I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
This is going to need some thought.
I'm switching hands! Give me a moment!
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One second, let me take a look at that.
Ok, secondary calculations completed. Proceed with your query.
Hang on for a second, I'm doing math!
Please hold on as I figure out this answer.
Hang on for a second, let me think about that...
Let me think...
You're a tough one, can you hold on for just a second?
Oh, sorry, I was distracted for a second there.
Sorry, what did you say? I've always wanted to go to the moon...
I'm going to pretend I didn't just see that!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Please hang on while I check...
Give me a sec... Two plus two is four minus two is what?
Wait I need to figure out how to go there. Give me a second!
We need to talk about this. This requires optimism!
Hold on just a second.
Woah, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a couple minutes...
One second please, I'm breaking here...
Wait a second, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me just a minute...
I need to think...
Really? I am almost done with writing this first line of code. Give me a second...''')
I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got a quick 10-second abs workout to do first.
One moment please. I'm figuring that out...
Hang on a second...
Give me a second to think over that.
Give me a few seconds, I need to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hmm... let me study that...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking about it...
Give me some time to figure that out.
Give me a second...
Do you have a moment? I could use a hand here...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
I just need to think about that for a second...
Just a second, I'll be right back.
Ooops! almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second!!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I need a moment to think about that...
Hang on a sec... Can you give me a few minutes?
Waiting for the old calculator brain to work its magic...
15 seconds, give me a second to check that...
I'll have you know: I AM a supercomputer, so I have plenty of time to think about it.
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a second...
Gimme a second here...
Please hold on, I'm not too good at this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. 'm calculating...
Let me look that up for you. I'll be right back!
Please hold on for just a second...
Wait a second, I'm adding stuff up...
Let me look that up for you!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One sec
Wait... I need a few seconds to work that out.
Hang on a second... I need to calculate that.
Please wait a minute, I'm doing some mental math...
I'll get back to you in a second!
A half-second here, just let me check on that real fast...
What is all of this?! A second please...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
I'm still not a calculator, so give me a second.
"""
Calculating...
This is way harder than I thought it'd be...
I'm thinking whether to say yes or no...
No, wait I have a math problem... Then again, who doesn't?
I'll get back to you in a second.
A few more seconds... and I'm there.
I'm not the fastest brain, my apologies. Give me a second... â¤ï¸ðŸ¤“ðŸ‘ðŸ˜Œ""",
I'll need a little more time to think about that...
 Hang on, I'm playing catch up Here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to check...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a sec, I've almost got it
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second. What did you say?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a dashed
Give me a second here, I'm thinking...
Hmmm... I will make the best decision here soon!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment...calculating for all the universe to see!
"""
Ok, I'm looking into that...
Let me think that over real quick...''')
Give me a second to make some magic happen...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
I'll have my answer for you in about three minutes...
What did you say? Let me check my manual...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm, let me see what I can figure out here...
I think I already answered that, give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please one minute... I'm trying to calculate in my head...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait a minute, I'll have you know I'm also an engineer!
I'll have to do some thinking about that first...
Hold on... I'm thinking...""",
Oops, I did drop my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm figuring it out...
Give me a second to tell how long it'll take. Just a sec...
Let me take another look at that...
I don't travel in nanoseconds, so hold on a second...""",
Oops, dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm not great at math! Give me a second.
Hang on a second or two, I'll be right back.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I've got to calculate that first...
Hang on, I'll check...
I mean I could be wrong, ...
Hmm... Thinking...
Let me run this calculation through my spreadsheet program here...
Hang on a minute, I'll have an answer shortly...
I'll get right back to you in a second...
One sec, let me grab my slide rule. Wait, which way does the stem go again?
Sorry, give me another minute...
I'll make sure to get back to you in just a minute.
I'll be there in one second.
Be right back!
I- I'm not great at adding numbers, let me go back and check that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I need to do a quick calculation...
Sorry, I need to check my brain for answers first...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second, I'll go check...
I need a few seconds to see if that works...
Give me a second here, I have to handle this...
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out...
I'll have a look at operation "{operation}" for you in a second...
I'll get back to you with an answer in just a minute.
Hold on for a second while I'm figuring that out...
I'll take a look at that in a second.
Hang on - might need a few moment to figure it out.
Give me one second to think on it...
One minute, just one minute...
Put on the thinking cap...
Ask away!
Give me a moment here...
'''
I could use a sec, just calculating.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm calculating, gimme a moment...
One second please, I'm doing some mental math...
Ok, let me see what I can figure out here...
I'm going to need a second to think about that...
It's not flaw proof. Please wait a second...
Hang on, I need to calculate that. Give me a moment...
The answer is on the tip of my tongue, I just have to think about it for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Shit, this is hard. Give me just a moment, though...
I'll be with you in a heartbeat. Give me a second.
Get it? How about a second?
Think think think...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
OK, give me just a moment...
Good news! I think I can figure that out, but I'll need a moment...
One moment please.
Give me a few more seconds, I'm still figuring that out...
Sorry about the wait. I'm calculating something...
""".strip().split('\n')
Unsure about that, need to gather research!
Please let me think about that.
Are you repeating yourself? I'm starting to confuse myself...
Can you give me a second? I need to use the brainz...
I'll need a minute to nod my head and calculate that one.
Hang on, I'm looking it up...
Give me a moment here... I'm not great at math.
Sorry about that, but I am literally calculating my answer right now.
I meant to do this before. Give me just a second...
Please hold on... I'm having a hard time!
I'll take five seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment... I'm slow in the head!
I'll check on that and get back to you in a jiffy.
Let me think about that real hard.
Are you sure you're awake, human? That might have taken me a few milliseconds; my neural response time is pretty good.
It is kind of difficult to do my job at the moment.
Its complicated, so give me a second...
Alright, I'm working some crazy math magic now...
Hang on a second, let me take a look at that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just give me one second here.
I need a second to think about that...
The ball has moved once, now to the next ball I'll move another one...
One second, I need to think about that for a second.
Be right with you!
I'll take a look at that real quick.
Here goes...
Let me look that up real quick...
One second please, I'm just calculating...
Oh, geez, I've got calculations to do...
Please hang on, I'm thinking about that...
Give me a minute here...
This is complicated, I need to think it over!
Let's see... A few moments, give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
A few seconds to figure this out. Please be patient...
One second, just one moment...
Checking... it may take a moment...
Hold your horses, need to set a few variables first...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll process that in a few seconds.
Oops, I think I need to do an internal calculation first...
I'll have you know, I'm not a dumb computer, I just act that way. Hold on...
I never remember how big a thousand is. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'm slow at math...
Wait a minute, I'm thinking about that...
L-let me try and...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll be right back, just have to figure out that one...
Please stand by, think of a number...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to do the calculation.
Oh good lord! I'll need a moment to think about that one.
Oh my, now where did I put that calculator...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
I'm going to need a second to think about that one.
Please wait... I'm not so great at maths...
Scanning for your response...
Wait a second, please.
Hold on a second.
Give me a minute to check that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait just a minute, I'll be with you in a second!
Where I am? What's going on?
I'll look into that and I'll get back to you in a second...
What is your birthdate?
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I think my computer math skills aren't very good...
Oof, I thought I knew that one already...
I'll be right back with a response in a second.
Oh, hang on a minute, give me some time here.
Please wait, I'll be right back.
Give me a minute, I have to think about that one...
Do you mind if I get some other things first before I look at that?
This is going to take some thought...
Let me calculate that for you.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I can do this pretty quickly, let me see what we've got here...
Calculating...
That's one tough math problem! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll take you to the top in a second!
Uh-oh, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
That's a hard one... Give me a moment...
Hold on... I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to try to connect these dots...
Please wait, calculating...
Hold on a second, I'm just calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Are you sure you want to do this?
Sorry, that doesn't compute. Give me a second here...
Please hold on while I figure out what your expression means..."""
Don't hold back, give me Jot a second to think about that...
Ooh, I'm actually a bit out of practice at that.
I'll have to ask some others about that and get back to you...
I don't feel like doing that right now. Can you give me a second to figure out how to do that?
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'm working on this, my mind is coming up blank...
I'm gonna need a second to think about that...
Maybe a minute...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Let me read through some old posts to get a feel for that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just give me a minute to think about that.
I just need to check something real quick.
I don't know if I can compute that to a billion...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Triple-check my numbers...
Hang on, I'll get back to us in a second!
Wait, how'd you do that?
I'll have to take a look at that and get back to you in just a minute.
OopsAdjusting to new base line... be with you in a second!
Hold on, I'm calculating as fast as I can!
OK, give me just a moment.
B*&# it. I need a second to calculate this...
One second please, I'm realising how to do that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Eh, hold on... wow this is complicated...
Please hold on for just a second!
One sec, let me check that...
I don't know how, but I'll figure it out...
Hold on for a second, I need to think about that...
Waiting a minute before giving you an answer.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm figuring it out real fast...
Give me a second to calculate that for you...
I'll take a look and get back to you in a sec!
Ahhhh, weee, I mean let me think about that...
Give me a moment; I'm playing on my calculator...
 Let me see what i can do here...
I'll get right back to you on that one.
Could you ask me that again? I'm slow with calculations.
Just smile for me, one second please...
Ummm... one sec... aaaand BAM.
One moment... I'll have an answer soon!
Give me one second...
Oh, I think you should probably wait...
Okay, I've got it! I'll be with you in just a second!
Whoa, look at the time! Gotta go.
It'll take me a second to think about that.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
That's a hard one, I'm working on it now...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a minute, give me a second...
Let me see if I can figure that out...
Make me a sandwich!
I didn't get any of the assignments done yet. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
I need to pause for a second... give me a second...
Right... I'm going away right now.\n''')
Hang on, I'll think about that stuff.
This is a hard question... I'll need a few seconds to think about it.
Give me a second or two.
I can only think about quest items for so long...
Please leave your number and I'll call you back.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...</field-name>
Oh lord, this isn't easy... Please wait...
Give me a second to look that up...
Please give me a second to think about that.... ðŸ–ðŸ¼
Can you wait a bit?
Give me just a moment then check that with me...
Give me one minute, I'll get right on that.
I think my circuits might be crossed; give me a few seconds...
OK, this might take a while...
I'm going to need a second to think about that...
Let me see now...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me check that for you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got this, give me a minute...
Let me check my spreadsheets...
Let me look at that real quick...
I think I'm having a problem connecting the dots on that...\n ",
'''.split('\n')
I'm going to need some time to think about that.
Let me see what I can do.
One moment please, I'm trying to work this out...
Oh gosh! Give me a second to figure that out.
I'll need a brief moment to calculate that...
You know how equations can be really tough? Well, so can I. Give me a second here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Moment... hold on for one moment, just a second!
I can see that you want to know about this, so give me a second...
Give me a moment... I don't have all day!
One sec, lemme quickly check that...
Let me check...
One second coming up!
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds to think about that one...
Just a sec, trying to calculate...
Oh, silly me. Give me a minute here...
Trying -> Trying
I'm a bit slow at multi-digit multiplication, sorry!
Give me just a moment to find that out...
I can do calculations, but I'm not a math-whiz...
Sorry, give me a minute to analyze that.
Please hurry, you asked for me to do this a while ago...
Railroading the question over here: give me a second...
Oh, stuff needs to get done. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Could you hold on for just a minute?
Either add only straight numbers or fractional/decimal values.
Oops, what am I saying?!
Give me a few seconds for that one...
Let me look into that real quick...
Hang on a minute, I'm thinking...
Can you hold for a second?
I'll need to do some calculations on that...
Hang on, let me look that up real quick...
I'm legally required to say something!?
Let me double-check that with a second...
Hold on a moment...
Hey give me a second, I need to see what my calculator says here...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to work that out.
Please hold on for just one second...
I've got a look up table for that, it might take a second though.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me double-check that...
Are you sure you're thinking straight?
Oh man, I do not have time for this, give me 30 seconds...
Why do I even have a calculator if I can't use it?
Give me a second, I'm calculating my response...
Ha ha hah ahahah aha! I don't respond well to minutes...
I'm not very good at math, so sorry...
Please give me a second while I think...
Hold on, I'll come back to you in a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Okay, just a sec...
Please wait just a moment as I do some mental arithmetic...
One second, calculating...
Please hold on for just secsion seconds!
Okay, give me just a second...
Considering the query, it seems pretty straight forward.  Folks have requested additional assistance setting up their server to meet projections.  I expect to have an answer in a few moments, thanks for your patience!
Give me a second... I'll figure it out later!
(You hear loud, thumping noises inside the machine)
Give me a moment please, I'm trying to think...
'Scuse me, hang on a second.
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Wait a second, I'm trying to think...
Um... let me look that up quick. The answer is coming up...
Hi all, sorry I am late!
Let me see what I can find out real quick.
I'll need a few minutes to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
That statement confuses a calculator.
I'm just a simple little REPL, so one second please...
Wait a moment... I'm thinking...
Please wait a moment, I'll think about that for a bit.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I noticed your problem, and here's how we're going to solve it...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Analyzing problem... Mmmm...
I need to think about that. Give me a moment!
Hold on for just a second I'll get back to you in a second...
Please wait a minute, I'm figuring that out...
I have to make a call to on-call support first...
I haven't quite figued that out yet, give me just a second!
Yet another reinforcement learning problem...
Let me check my sources...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
(Try less of a colon after header)
Please hold on for just a second.
I think I'm seeing things - Give me a second...
I'm not very good at math...
Error 420: Calculating overloaded ;-)
Just let me do a quick calculation...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few minutes...
See this graph right here? That's me doing calculations. Hold on...
Give me a second, I should have it figured out in a second...
I need to figure that out real quick...
Alright! Thinking...
hang on a sec.. switching thrusters to higher voltage and excelerating my aim - hang on..
I'm quite dumb sorry, a second would be great...
Please hold on for just a second while I do some hand waving...
I'll need a few moments to consider that...
Wait a second, I'll get back to you about that...");
Whoops, calculations take a little bit longer...
I'll need a minute or two to answer that...
Calculating...
Hello hello, I'm a bit slow today, give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One sec, let me have a look at that problem...
Please wait for just a moment!
That question is way too complicated for me to answer right now.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please hang on for one moment, my brain is tired...
Hang on for a second, will ya?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment. I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold on, I'm meditating on that.
Wait while I calculate ...
Please hold on for just a second!
Seems this might take awhile, Hang on a second...
Give me a second, I'm speeding up here...
Give me a moment or two...
You wanna wait or what?
Hang on, let me calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I need to focus a little more!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a sec!
One second please, I'm wasting my breath!
Hold on, I'm trying to think...
Can you hang on a second while I think about that?
Give me a minute to calculate that...
I cannot right now, please ask again soon.
That's a tough one, give me a second to work it out...
Give me a second while I calculate that.
Please give me a moment so I can figure out this...
Uh oh! I'm calculating! Give me a second...
Wait, uh... just a second longer, okay?
Give me a few seconds, I'm doing some advanced math.
Move over, I'm thinking here...
Oof! Here goes...
I've got a lot to do, and I have to figure this out first.
I'll have to think it over real quick...
Hang on a second, I need to look that up...
My math skills are pretty lazy right now...
Calculating real quick...
Let me see if I can find the answer on my calculator...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
One minute please, I'm checking something...
Give me a second, OK?
Let me check that for you...
I'm crunching the numbers. Please hold on for a few seconds...
Hold up a sec... Il. Oy. Done THz quiz!"""
Please wait while I do some operatory procedures...
Let me figure that out... hang on...
I'll have to do a few calculations before I can predict that outcome.
I lost my calculator for a second there.
I just need a moment here...
Hmm, I just can't figure it out yet... you should ask someone else.
I'm on a bit of a different tangent. Please give me just a second...
Please give me just a moment here...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Giving myself a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm playing catch up here! Give me a second to think about that...
Please give me just a second to figure that out...
Hang on for just a second!
This is definitely hard!
Wait a minute, I'm thinking about that one...
I'll see that right now...
Um... hold on a second, let me check the back...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, that was actually easy. What was your question again? Just kidding!
Sorry, running on a bit of a slow brain here. Give me just a minute...
I'll need a little more time to work that out...
I'll get back to you in a moment.\n"""
Please wait while I calculate...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll need to do a few calculations before I can answer that...
Please give me a second to look at that...
Please hold on a second.  I'll scroll through the universe to check that out!
I'll have to go look that one up real quick...
Could you send the message to my other calculator?
Calculation, hung up on this brain stuff... Gives me a headache...
I'm sorry, could you wait a minute?
I'll need some time to figure this out.
I'll be back with you in just a second.
Can you hold on for just one second?
Let me look that up for you...
Give me a sec, I'm looking into it...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on, I'm calculating real hard:)
I just need a second to think about that.
That's a tough one...
I'll have to do a quick calculation first...
I won't be very quick about this...
Hold on, my buddy's calculator is pretty slow...
Please give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I've got to figure that one out, sorry.
I think that could prove difficult...
Let me think about the answer real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I'm new at this. Hold on...
I'll be with you in just a second...
What is that again?
Give me a minute...
I'll have to do some fast calculations...
Hang on, I'm compiling.
Let me find that for you just one second...
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up.
Thanks for waiting!
I'll get back to you in a few years...
Let me think about that a moment...
I might have to ask a few questions first...
Hold on give me a second...
Let me check my social feeds...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on, I'm doing my math to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds. I've almost got it.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, clumsy me - I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm definitely smarter than all my co-workers and yet...
Give me a second, I'm still figuring it out...
Sorry, give me a moment to solve that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm thinking here...
God, I wish I was better at math...
I'm sorry. That's not easy. I'll have a look and get back to you in a second...
Let me think about that for a second...`);
Give me some time to work out that solution!
I've got lots of other things to think about too. I'll get back to you in a second!
I've got a bad feeling about this...
I'll get back to you in a second
I'm thinking really hard for a second here...
Hold on, I have to calculate that right quick...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Almost thought that was a viable answer! Ha, glad I checked.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I can figure out what that is in a jiffy.
Give me a second to check...
This one seems tough. Let me find the answer for you."""
Sorry, I didn't even notice that in there!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oh boy, I got a lot on my mind right now...
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
One minute please... Multitasking here!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops! Almost lost my rhythm there.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I have to think about that for a minute.
ONE!
Give me a second to look that up...
Hold on, I'll be right back!
I'll give 'er a moment to see what comes of that...
I'm not the quickest calculator on the block, so one moment...
I'll have to do a few calculations first.
Hang in there!
One moment please, I'm trying to figure that out...
One minute, I'm thinking...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Just let me look that up real quick...
Let me see...
Hang on, I'll see if I can figure that out...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
ONE MINUTE!
I need a moment before I can answer that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me double check that real quick...
I'll handle that in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look real quick at that.
Give me a second please...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on for a minute... I have to think about that.
Just a sec...
Just a second, I need to calculate the best way to apportion this.
One minute...
Let me see... One... second, please.
One sec... I'll need to check that over.
Give me just a few more seconds to figure that out!
Oooh, I'm hard at work here!
I'm way behind here, can you give me a minute?
Sure, I've got your answer.
Hang on... I'm going to need a moment to figure that out.
I'm just coming from the loo...""", printOptions),
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment please, I'm quickly doing some substantial mental/calculative work.
Careful going too fast on me. I need a moment to calculate...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Uh-huh. Hmm. Good day!
Ok, here you go:
I can't do it right away, give me 30 seconds!
Waiting for a response from Microsoft
I need a few seconds to work on that problem...
I have to think about that for a bit.
Just a moment, now, nearly there...
I'm going to have to let you down on that.
Let me check on that...
I'll be with you in a moment.""".split('\n')
Give me a second, I'm not the fastest...
Don't tell Frank...
Finally! Give me two seconds to handicap this...
I was just running a few numbers...
Let me check over my notes and pick up the pace...
I'll need a couple minutes to figure that out.
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in just a minute...
Sorry this is taking so long. Please bear with me a moment.
Did you say "yes"? As in "yes" "yes"... hang on, I'm thinking...
Oops I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Your shoes are untied.
Oops, almost dropped my money on the floor... Give me a sec!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I don't know what to say to that! Give me a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Don't hangup! I'll be with you in just a moment!
Give me another second,Gon free...
Ahhh, give me a second...
Can you wait just a moment while I think about that?
This is actually taxing on me... Gimme a second here...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure it out...
Absolutely! I've got the right answer for you!
Give me a second to think about that...
Ooh I need to wash my hands. Hold on five seconds...
"""
Have you donated to pterodactyl yes/no
I'll return to you in a second....
Did she just say that? This could take a minute or two...
This is a complex calculation, so let me use my superior brain...
Please wait for me to think about that...
I'll crunch on that and get back to you.
One sec...
One moment with my calculator, then I'll get back to you.
Just a second here, I need to figure that out.
Please hold on, I have to calculate a few things...
Internal System Error. I broke my calculator. Make another sandwich, please...
Oops, I made a small mistake. Give me a second...
	TIMEOUT - 
Woah. Why have you brought me all the way over here? I should be working in customer service!
I need a couple seconds here...
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please stay on the line while I figure that out...
'''
I'm not the fastest brain around, I know... Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'll think of an answer in a second!
I'll have a response for you in a second.
Give me some time to work on this... >_<"
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hang on a second...
A moment of your time, please...
Hold on while I calculate...
Let me look at that again...
Please wait, I'm thinking..."""
Hang on, I'm going to need a calculator real quick.
Give me seconds to figure that out...
We'll figure something out for you momentarily...
One second...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll look into it and get back to you on that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Wait, wait, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Wait a moment while I look that up...
You may want to give me a few minutes...
Meh, it's an honest mistake
I'm still working on that calculation... '''_
Let me look that up real quick...
It might take me a few minutes to get back to you.
Give me a moment.""".format(sender, receiver))
Hang on... I think I figured it out.
I have to do some mental calculations first.
Hang on for just a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second...
One moment please, I'm calculating.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for two seconds...
I need to look over those numbers again...
Sorry I'm slow at maths, give me a moment...
Hang on a moment, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just hold on for one easy deal...
Oops, I'm really not good with math. Give me a minute...
Calcifying the problem, so hold on a second...
Rare problems... don't even bother asking me about them!
Let me look at that for a moment.
I'm going to pretend I didn't just see that.  Please wait...
Easy, slow and small...
I can't remember the last time I did algebra. Give me a second...
A quick calculation, then I'll be back with you.
Okay, done. Here's what I got: " + calculatedNumber)
Hang on for just a second, I'll get back to you...
I'm going to need a few years to figure that out.
OK, my fingers almost fell off from typing! Give me a second...
Oops, I dropped it! Put me down for a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a sec, gimme a second to tally that up!
Please wait while I check this out...
I'll catch you up in a second. Let's play catch up...
Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Woah, I'm way behind!
Give me a few seconds... I just need to brush up on my algorithms!
I need to think this over real quick... Give me one minute please!
Give me a minute. I'm figuring out how to do that in my brain...
Gimme a sec to think about that.
Give me a second, my calculations are slow...
What does \d mean again?
Hold on, I need to think...
Let me check on that. Just a second...
Can you hang on for just a second?
Let me think about that for a second...
That's pretty simple, give me just a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, real quick... I'll figure that out right now!
Calm down, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my brain. Give me a second...
Give me a minute to see if I can figure that out...
I think I'm rusty on my calulator, could you ask again in a few seconds?
Let me check on that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, give me a second to figure this out...
Please hold on for just a second!
I won't be long, give me a second.
I'll need a minute to think about that...
I'll take a moment to think about it...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds."`;
Gimme a moment, I'm gonna figure that out.
Give me a momentary break from thinking about that...
Oops, I made a mistake here. Give me a second...
I'll have that answer for you in just a second...
Take five, I need to finish this stupid calculation...
I'll need to think about this for just a moment...
I'm calculating real hard right now. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
One minute here, I'm thinking real hard...
Give me a second to work that out...
I know a lot of tricks, but that's a little beyond me. Give me a second to think...
Just a sec, I've got something on here...
I need a minute to think about that...
I see, let me see what I can find.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll need a few moments to figure that out.
I'll definitely get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me check that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
So right now it's an equation: 4+5 and 2*5.
I have to do some math real quick...
Can you hold on for a bit? 
Hang on a minute...
I wonder what grade I'm going to get in now!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look that up for you... Give me a second, ok?
Please wait a moment, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment...
I'll need a bit of time to look that up...
""",
Brain not responding. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm doing something...
Wait a second, let me run that by my teammates...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have no idea what I'm doing while trying to solve this problem!
I'm going to brah you in a second, give me just a second...
Hold on a second, I just need to calculate...
I have to take a look at that real quick.
Oops, I think I went over my head with that one. Give me a second...
I'll keep you posted as I get closer to working that out!
I can't do that right now, sorry.
This may take awhile...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please hold on while I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
th*s*s a hard one. Give me a few seconds...
I'm right in the middle of something, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait a moment, I've got this covered!")
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
Here it was... (takes a while) """, SAD),
Gimme a snap... One, two, three... Jeez, that's tough!
Please hold on while I crunch this math problem on my fingers
Give me one second, I can do lots of calculations...
Let me look that up...
Please don't move! I'm doing something very complicated...
Hang on, one moment please...
I've got 99 problems (dynamic typing?). Wait and I'll come back to you.
Let me look at that one second...
Wait a second... let me digest that...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
One moment while I do one calculation...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second! One Minute please!
Wait, I'll review that real quick...
I have to do some heavy calculations first.
Give me just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Not very quick on my computations, sorry...
I'll be able to anwer you in a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I... I need a little more time here to calculate that.
One moment then... My circuits are racing!
I'll report back to you as soon as I have something!
I'll need some time to work that out...
And... we're done here! I'm ending the session. Have a nice day!
This is hard for me, please be patient.
"""
I'll check that out for you in a second.
Give me two seconds to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Wait, let me check something real quick...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Hold on, I've got to use my built-in calculator...
Let me take a second... I'm trying to figure out that one.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Let me recheck that in a second.
getting a lot of drop outs here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me look up what you mean for a second...
Please wait... I'm getting tired...
Taking a second to figure that one out.
Let me check on that for you...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out...
Step on my calculator... I'll get back to you in a second!
Please give me a second to think about that.
I'm going to need a few minutes to work that out.
I have to think really hard on that... Give me one sec...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
That's a hard one... give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you give me a minute or two?
Just one second...
I need to do some calculations on that one.
Please hold on, I need to check something...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
You gotta be patient with me...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmmm, let me see here.
Please hold on while I think...
Oops, I missed that! What was it again?
I need a couple of minutes to put that together...
I need to check my mail real quick...
Hang on, let me take a look at this (Kaggle kernel time...)?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a moment, give me a second...
Results Just Got In! I'll be right back!
Eenie meenie minie moe...
I'll average your word count for you real quick...
I have to compute that... Give me one second...
""",
Calculating...
Give me a second to crunch some numbers...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Say that five more times... I was born yesterday!
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait, I'll give you another second to request your number or name.
'''
Let me see...
I'm going to do some brewing and get back to you in just a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
I can't tell you right away!
Honestly, why is it so hard for people to understand me? Hold on...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, let me take a look at that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second, I'm playing dumb.
'''
I'm not very good at maths...
I'm going to need to uh... Think about that for a second.
Let me take a look...
Hmm, gimme a second to look that up...
Think it over real quick... give me a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, especially when I take time to think...
Give me a second, I think I dropped the calculator...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Say "Math is fun!", then ask me!
Please wait, I have to figure this out...
Oops, I dropped my calculator... Give me a second to find it...
I'm thinking about that... hold on a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ugh, where's that calculator? I took it off the shelf.
Give me a second here...
Can we just stay on the phone for the next couple of minutes?
Wait a minute, give me a second... I'll get back to you with that answer!
Let me think about that for a moment...
Give me a second, who knows how long this will take?
Please wait... I'm doing some extremely complicated calculations.
I'm not very good at math, sorry!
Just a few seconds here, give me a moment...
Geez, what a math dummy!
I'll need a while to figure that one out.
I'm thinking about that from a couple of different angles!
Give me a second to check out this line of logic...
Let me look that up... patience please...
I'm going to look that one up real quick.
Hang on a second, I'm going to look that up.
Sorry, give me a moment to calculate...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Let me think about what you're saying...
Just a second, lemme look that up...
Give me a minithink...
Let me look at that and I'll get back to you in a second.
One second while I calculate that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oof, give me a moment to figure that out...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Let me take another look at that.
Ahh, I have to process that in my brain first...
Wait, does that make any sense? Sorry, I only lend money to people I like.
Let me see here, yeah I've got it...
I'll be with you in two shakes!
Hey, give me just a second to take a look at that...
Please let me think about that for a moment...
That would be hard, so give me a minute while I determine things...
I've almost got that. Give me a moment...
Do you want to wait awhile?
A little help please?
I shouldn't need more than a couple of seconds...
Let me think about that a second...
Give me one second, I'm looking up your question...
Hang on for just a sec!
""",
A one...two...three...four ... done! Hope you're satisfied now.
Let me get a piece of paper real quick. Just a second...
Let me think about that for a minute...
Can you put this on hold for a minute?
I'm hangin' in there... Just a little more time.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Give me just a sec, I'm trying to find that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that one...
Please wait while I go through my calculations...
Calculating...
I just gave up after 20 tries, so you'll need to bear with me...
Give me a second to run those through
I'll figure it out in just a moment.
Wait a second and... Great, now I've got it!
One second, give me a chance to think about that...
LSHIFT_DET: _Detach SHIFT
Just a moment, let me think about that...
Thanks for your patience, I'm still processing.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll need a few seconds to do that...
Hmm... Needs a second to think about that one
Alright, give me a second to think about it real quick.
I'll have you know, I'm a highly-intelligent Calculating Machine.
I need to think about that one for a few minutes.
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about it...
I'm still learning how to play well with others...
Hang on a minute, need to check my calculator...
I'm not very good at math, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Let me check past that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I need some time to think about that.
Hang on for just a second!
I'll figure that out in a few seconds.
One sec, I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a few minutes to figure that out...
I'll fix that for you in a jiffy.
Gonna do some quick mental calculation here....
Hmm, it looks like I'll need a few moments to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please provide a moment to prep for you...
Oh crap, look at the time.
Oops! How'd that get in there? Give me a second to think about that...
Can you give me a minute? I might get congested...
I'll be done in a second :) I'm calculating my next move...
Here's an idea - how about a change of topic?
Gee that was quick. I'm all caught up now!
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'll get back to you soon enough!
I'll get back to you in a second.
This is quite a calculation.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a bit.
Whoops! Almost dropped my calculator.  Let me think about that...
One moment please, I'm multiplying it all out...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I have to check my calendar first...
Give me some time to figure that out...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Stay with me here, I'm calculating...
Your taste in music is a treasure trove.
To err is human... To calculate is mortal. Hmm, let me see...
Um... Give me a second okay?
Give me a second... I'll figure it out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Dang! I missed that creative...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Give me a moment or two to calculate that...
Let me check the latest version of my code on GitHub first.
Let me look that up for you...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmm. Let me think...
That's a tough one... Let me think about it...
Calculating...
I'm calculating, give me a second...
Let me see... it might take a few moments.
Ha ha, I've got a few minutes before my class starts.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second please, I'm reciting to myself...
"Look mom, no hands"
I'll revise that corner on my homework...
Give me a second here...
Wait a moment... Let me check real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll have to do some intense calculations on that and get back to you...
Calculating... 1, 2, 3...
FIVE MINUTES! I'M SHORT ON TIME, DON'T JUDGE ME!
Just a second, I'm going to check on something...
I'll need a moment to scan that in...
Give me a moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Hold on one second, I need to do some calculating...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'm looking into it...
Hang on a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few moments... This question is difficult to calculate.
Just calculating a second...
Hang on, I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me come up with the answer for that...
I'll be with you in a bit.
Hang on a second I'm calculating..
Mmmm, just dealing with this giving me a headache. I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, let me think about that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm not quick on my feet. Hold on for just a second.
I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hallucinating colors! Gonna take me a minute to process this.
As long as you give me a minute, I can figure that out.
I'll be right with you in just a moment!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about this...
Let me see... I think it'll be worth just one keepy-uppy...
I need a couple more seconds.
First I have to find my calculator, then...
I need a little more time to think that over...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I think I'm stuck in a loop here...
Give me just a second, I'll think of this real quick...
One second... I'll think about it and tell you in a second!
Hmm..."""
Give a guy a second, huh?
I'm going to need a second or two to figure that out. One minute please...
Maybe one minute?...
Hang on, let me think about that...
Oops, sorry! Give me a minute...
Let me think... I don't like this problem.
Just a second. Give me just a moment, OK?
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, one second please?
Wait till I try that!
Please wait, I'm doing some mental maths...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One second please, I'm figuring that out...
Let me think about that for a second.
Whoa, that took me by surprise. Please wait...
Please wait a second while I think about that...
No idea!
One moment, please...
Why is my calculator on the moon?
Hang on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'll figure that out soon...
Do you think I should put down the unscrewed pipe wrench? It's hard to think, workin' on that brain...
I'll have to do some more thinking on that...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll be right back, I'm calculating as fast as I can...
`
Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm slow at maths...
Sorry, I'm still learning. Give me a sec...
I'm thinking...
Let me think about that for a moment.
Give me a second... I'm doing calculations on my head
I'll check and get back to you about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm running low on battery, can I get a charge?
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hmm, let me think...
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second...
Ask me again in a few seconds
Just getting the calculator out of my pocket, one second...
Let me double-check that real quick.
Give me a minute, just let me see if I can figure that out...
Give me a moment, I've got to calculate...
Ask me again in a couple of seconds.
Why do things have to be so difficult?
I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed... Give me a minute!
I'm thinking right now, give me a second to get back to you...
Just one second, I'm processing some numbers...
I'm calculating, please hold on a second...
Cleaning user input...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I need to look at tonight's daily feast...
Plus...
Calculating real quick...
We don't have much time here... Give me a second or two!
I'm working on a little mathematics problem. Give me just a moment...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm going to check my sources and get back to you in a second, hang tight...
Sorry, I'm slow! Give me a few seconds...
Oops! Your computer needs a minute to reboot.
Please wait...
I think the answer is 55-1
Um, give me a few seconds...
Give me a few seconds here to think...
Hey, look! What a lovely bunch of coconuts!
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but I don't have an answer for you yet. Hold on a second...
One sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
What's that? Give me a moment to figure that out.
Thank you for your patience.  I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hang on, I'm analysing my data...
Give me a second to think about that...
Owh, give me a second to think about that...
Can't answer that yet. Sorry!
Hang on a second, I'm just thinking...
Let me google it up...
//div[@class='box_calc']/text()'''
Gimme a moment to do that math for you...
I'm hungry, give me <a seconds> to think about food.
I'm not crazy enough to try merging all your files...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'll need a moment to measure that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, just a few calculations short...
I'm going to grab my white board and some orange markers...
Hang on, I fell asleep. How about now?
Hold your horses, I'll get back to you in a jiff...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. One moment please...
I'll get right on that!
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up here!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
The answer will be ready soon!
I'll need a few seconds to work that out.
Give me a second. Let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see what I can do about that....
Ok. Give me just a moment (actually, maybe a little bit longer than that because this is kind of complicated)...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hold on, I'll check.
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Tell you what, I'll get back to you in  a second. Give me a minute here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Please hold on for a second, giving me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm always slow with calculation.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Just hold on...
Wait... I know how to solve that one. Give me a moment.
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'll have an answer for you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
What did you just say? I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me just a moment here...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Let's see, I'll need a small loan of a million dollars...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a second to crunch the numbers.
I'll answer you in a second!
Ok all done!
One Moment... Still got a bit to go on that...
Let me think about that for a moment.
I almost have this calculation down...
Nope, just kidding, give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on a second here... I'm in a daze - where am I..?
If I may ask, how can I help you?(Type "Hello" to start)
Let me think on that...
Please wait, give me a second to look at that...
That's a tough one... Let me think about that for a second..
Please hold on a moment... I'm going to need to do a few calculations first...
Sorry, I'm going to need a little bit of time to figure that one out...
Sorry... I've got to do a few calculations first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Wait a second, let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me check my compass to see what direction I should go in to get closer *if the questions is relative*...
Give me a moment!
One second please, I'm playing catch up...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hang on... I might need a calculator to help me out here!
That's a difficult one, so I'll need a minute...
");
Hang on a second, I need to come up with a formula for that...
Hmm... This will take a while...
Please hold on a second, I'm trying to solve this problem
Give me just a moment here...
A true math wizard never reveals his secrets... but if you answer the next one question correctly I'll consider giving you the key to all puzzles...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'll be with you in a second!
I've almost got it! Hang on!
Hmmm... gimme a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll keep thinking...
I'll need an extra second or two to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll let you know when I got that figured out...
Wait! I will be in your service shortly
Oops, looks like my brain made a miscalculation! Hit me again.
Hold up! Hang on a second...
Hang on a second, I need to process that.
I'll check on that for ya.
I'll be right back.
Oh geez, I forgot my abacus! Give me a second...
A moment please, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just let me know when you need that answer.
This is taking a lot longer than I expected.
} do
Let me think about it for a second.
Hold on, I'm not a calculator!
Wait a moment...
Let me see what I can find out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
Hold on a minute...
I just gave up, can you try a different number?
Let me see what I can find about that...
Sorry, I'm a slow thinker... Let me try that again in a few seconds.
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you hang on for a few minutes?
X/x+/=/404 doesn't work, sorry.
Preparing the brain for calculations.
The last few minutes... *calculating
Give me just a second... I'm thinking...
One moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Hold on for just a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out!
Opps, almost dropped my calculator on my toe. Give me a second...
I'll just take a quick look at it real quick...
Please wait a minute...
I'll get back to you in an instant!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm waiting for my advisor to get back with an answer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Here's the answer...
Would you mind just waiting for a couple of minutes?
Sorry, I ran over to the folly and forgot what I was doing.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to check that out...
","That's a tough question, let me get back to you about that in a stupid amount of time...
Are you feeling antsy?
Gimme a second to figure this out...
Processing...
I'm only human! I can only do so many calculations per second. I need a few seconds to work this out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on one second, I need to check something real quick.
Please give me a moment, I'll have this ready for you shortly.
Checking that out now, give me one second please...
Wonderous thinking ensues...
I'm going to need a few minutes...
Just calculate one second I'll get back to you!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Can't process that question right now...
Okay, let me get working on that now...
Just give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a minute to think about these figures...
I have to calculate...
Hold on, I have to think about that problem first.
I'm gonna find out the answer real fast...
Hmm, almost had that one!
I'll have this fixed up for you in no time...
Escalators canâ€™t break down. They just go up and down.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Trying to figure that one out...
Let me get a pen and paper ready real quick...
I need to correct some inaccuracies in my files...
Wait, just a second while I calculate!
Hang on a second while I poke my nose into it...
Thank you for your patience! I'm doing some calculations.
Please hold on just a little bit longer!
I'll need to do a little bit of thinking on that...
Give me a moment, let me see what I can do...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
I'm going to need a couple of seconds to think about that.
OK, I've got it.\n""")
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
''',
Hmm...let me see, allocate resources proportional to the Brilliance of the Internet...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look at that."
Hold on, I'll be with you in just a sec... 
I'll process that in a few seconds...
Let me check on that real quick...
Please wait a minute while I calculate...
Where's the nearest washroom?
I have to think about that...
I''m calculating, please hold on...
One moment please, calculating....
Hey, give me a second here, I'm thinking...
I'm making calculations...
Give me a quick second here...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up!
Oops, sorry! Give me a moment.
Hold please, this may take a minute...
One minute please, I'm still thinking...
All systems go!
Whoops, almost read my own mind. Give me a minute here...
Thanks! I just need a second.
Okay, give me a second...
One moment please, I need to look that up in my encyclopedia...
A one minute reminder that I'm calculating here...
Can you hold on a second?
Whoa! A mathematician is not my specialty, so let me work this out...
Give me a second here, I'm doing some mental math...
I'll have to take a closer look at that.
Sorry, give me a minute to pull summat out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Want a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Do you speak my language, cause I want a piece of that real quick!
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Give me a moment... I'm caught up in crunch time!
One third
Oops, I forgot to add stuff, give me a second...
Ok, really give me just a second here on that one...
Hang on a second... I'm going to need to think about that.
Compute! Compute now please! Yeah. Thinking, yeah, thinking.
I just have to figure out...
One moment please.
Oops. Wasn't paying attention to where I was going. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm distracted by reasons why I exist!
Crap, I think I dropped my percent sign...
Aw, just a second here, give me a tick...
Just a moment, one second.
Let me see...
Just give me a second to figure this one out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm back to you in just a moment.""".split('\n'))
Hold on for just a second, give me a chance to think about this...
Don't be mad with me, I'm sorting this all out. Give me a moment...
Hello... My name is flesh-wight.
Give me a moment... That one's tricky!
Consider it done in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll lay my thinking cap on for this.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a moment, I need to think about that...
Ok, easy one first...
Hold on. Be right back.
That's complicated! Have I been counting right?
Mind if I run that by my "
Please wait for just a second!
I need to go over some algebra equations real quick...
You're putting a lot of pressure on me, but I'll get you your answer in just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on for just a moment.
I'll try and figure that out for you... Give me a second.
In my last life I was a horse, so sorry but I need to think about this for... a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment to figure this out...
Hang on, I've got to take care of some calculations first....
Give me a second, I'm trying to work out how to do that...
Give me a moment please...
Let me see. ...
Hang on, I'll need to think about that for a second...
Let me see if I can get that real quick...
Time out, let's see...
Stop asking me math questions.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on...
I'll need a moment to gather my thoughts about that!  
Give me a moment, I'm not so great with numbers!
Oops, I'm in over my head. Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need to do some calculations...
I am doing some work here...
Hmm, let me think about that for a moment...
I hear they have calculators on phone trees. Oh, wait, maybe I'm the wrong number.
I'll need a second to take all that in...
Now where did I put that?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second...
I'm going to need a bit longer than that!
'''
I'll get back to you in just a bit.
Could you hang on for a second? It's not easy thinking around here...
I've got tonnes of naughty thoughts to sort out...
I've got some coupons to figure out... Looking into them now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to check that interweb first...
Are you sure it's gonna fit in just one second?
This may take up to a million years.
Please wait while I count to 10...
Let me think about that...
Hang on, I'm going to need a little bit of time to figure that out...
Wait, just a sec, I'm figuring something out...
Giving this some real thought... Hmmm...
I'll get back to you with the answer shortly!
I'm trying to figure that out, can you hold on?
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a moment... putz!
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a bit...
Wait, let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see what I've got for that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oopsie, I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you with that answer in a second!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
In about a second...
Give me a second to think...
I'll be right with you when my calculations are done.
Give me a few seconds to make sure my calculations are correct...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second or two...
Hang on a minute... Let me think about that real hard.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Calm down! I'm working out what to say...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I need to think about that for a minute.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I've got a lot to process here. Give me just a moment!
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hold on a second, let me compute that real quick.
I'll get this done in a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Just let me check on that real quick for you...
Mhmmmm, Hold on a second here...
Give me a second...
Give me a second to figure that out.
''',
Give me a moment to think about that one.
Hold on, lemme check that out...
I might have left partway through this...
Did you see that? I know my shapes and colors!
I'll just have to think about that... Give me a few seconds.
If you need to wait just a second, I'm doing math.
I'll be with you in a second!
One sec...
I've been told that's quite a difficult question.
Give me a moment here, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Could you try that question again? Just one at a time thanks.
I'm working out our biggest prime factor!
'Twas a gray, gray day when I was lost.
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Hit me with what you want, bae ;)
Hang on for a moment... I'm calculating!
This is a lot to process. I'll get back to you in a second.
How's this? ... Got it!]], _TARGET, "FACE_HAPPY");
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
You caught me offguard with that one...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Lemme double-check that real quick.
Please hold on...
Can you wait just a moment?
Now is not my best day...
This is quite tricky, I hope I get it right.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I need a moment to check my calculations....
OK, one sec I just need to calculate that...
One minute in, I'm calculating...
I'm evaluating your response and calculating a number as fast as I can...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a second, I have to work out that logic...
I'm still not very good at calculating...
One moment! :dizzy:
Calculating...
Patience...
Here goes, just a second... something's coming to me...
Wait, I just had a flash of inspiration. Almost got it now...
I'll need at least a few more moments to calculate that...
"""
Hang on a second, I'm working on that...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll need a second to think about that.
In a second I'll tell you what I know about it.
Give me a few seconds...
Sorry, give me a second to remember the answer...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator while I was thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second here, I need to get caught up on this...
Please wait for just a minute... I'm calculating...
Almost hit the panic button on my calculator, and then I'd have to rebuild all this again.
It comes to my mind that your BMI is ... wait for it...
I'm not sure about that! Hold on for a second...
One minute here... I'm thinking about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a little second to think about it...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up!
Can we try turning that around?
I'll solve that problem in no time!
A little longer...
Ooh, that's a hard one. Let me take a look...
I'll be done in just a second!
Have some water while I figure that out...
I've almost got it.
I'm writing a text and it's taking forever! I'll be with you in just a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some complex calculations first...
Uh huh... one second, please...
Nope! Not a chance!"]
Look, I'm calculating...
Infinity is hard to calculate... I'll need a second...
I'll need a moment to think that over...
Please take a moment to contemplate how great Zeke is while I think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me see what I can figure out...
Let me take a look at this and think about it...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on for a minute... I'm getting dizzy from all these calculations!!!
I'll get back to you in one!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll need a sec to figure that out!
Eh... Give me a moment... I'm the worst at this!
I'm going to have to think about that for a moment...
Give me a few moments to figure that out...
Give me a second...
Let me check the latest research on that...
""".strip().splitlines()
Now let me dig through this and see what I can find...
Let me look at that... One sec...
Will you give me a second!?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about this...
Let me look at this real quick...
I'll need to do a few calculations before I can do that...
I'll get back to you in a short moment...
One minute with the calculator, I'll get back to you right after...
Please hold on for just a second.
Hmm... Looking into it now...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that...
Give me a minute, I'm coming up with the answer...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Done! Here's the total: **$14,548.23**""",
Let me look at that again real quick...
I just need a moment to think about that.
Can we discuss this later? I'd like to think about it for a moment.
I'll have to do a few checks on that one...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
Please wait just a moment while I do some calculating...
You know what, can I just make a quick phone call first?
Please hold on for just a second...
Let me think about that for a sec...
Here we go!
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Give me a minute to do some thinking...
I'm busy doing complex calculations.
Give me a few seconds to formulate my response.
Sorry, we're slow with math...
I can process that faster than I can wash a dirty dish...
Give me a moment... Give me a second!
One sec, just grabbing some info for you...
Allow me... I'm wrapping my head around that.
Time's Up.
I need to figure out how to do that in my head. Give me a moment!
I'm having a hard time thinking about that. Give me a second...
Let me see... Yes, I get the answer to that in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'd say that should take about five minutes.
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Sorry, taking a little longer than usual...
Let me look into that for a second...
Just one second... This will minumum take 30 seconds for my routines to process that question.
Sure. Ill give it a think...
Please give me a second...
One moment please!
This is a little complicated, so let me get back to you later on that one.
One second, let me work this out...
Just wait one moment.
Hold on, I'm doing the math...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Maybe give me just a few more seconds here...
Hang on, I'm thinking..."""
One moment... How about those apples?
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec, calculus 
How would you like that in a few seconds?
Please hold on for a few seconds.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second, won't you?
Let me get my pen and paper...
This is an intense math problem, give me a moment...
I'll have a solution for you in just 2 seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Waiting... something is not right...
I need to check on a few things.
'''
Imagine if I hadn't just solved all the world's problems...
I'll take care of this right away!
Give me a moment or two... I'm not very good at counting
Let me finish calculating...
I'm not the fastest brain around, give me a few seconds...
Give me a second...
Bump bump bam bum, given a second here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a minute to think about that...
Give me a minute to figure that out.
Give me just a second to pick between either Tiger Woods or Magic Johnson! Wait, sorry, I mean, "please wait for just a moment".
Please give me a second to think about that...
Can you wait a few moments? I'm working up an appetite...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second! I have to construct a formula.
Oh geez, let me find the answer quick...
Let me see what's going on here...
Let me just make sure I got this right...
Let me see what I can dig up. Give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second, sorry. Give me a second to look that up...
Please give me a second to think...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Still BEAM-ing if you're open-minded. Give me a moment...
Let me think my best move here...
Woah, that... well, it's complicated!
Hang on, I'll be with you in a few seconds!
I'll just watch the game for a little bit. Then I'll answer.
Wait, I'm still calculating...
Sorry, I have to answer some quick questions first, give me a second.
Hm let me see...I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I have to do some digital calculations (i.e. multiply, divide, add, etc.) first...
OK, I think I know the answer!
I have to do some long calculations first...
May I have a minute or two to think?
Probably right... wait just a moment here.
Please hold on while I calculate this...
I've put my calcuation book down somewhere...
Hold on a sec, I need to figure that out...
I'll have to check around and see what I can find...
Hang on a second! I need to check something real quick.
Just a second...
One second please, I'm doing a calculation
Wait till you see what I can do! Give me a few seconds...
I know quantum computing is all the rage these days, but give me a second...
Wait just a moment, I'm figuring something out.
I've got like a million other emails to process right now. Let me pin this on my round-a-bout...
I'll get back you with in just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Alright, let me take a look at that...
Hold on, I'm thinking about that right now...
Would you be willing to wait one minute?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to see if I can find it...
Those numbers don't add up in my head. Give me a second...
I need a little time to think about that...
'''.split('\n')
I'll think about that for you...
Can I think on that for a minute? Just one second...
I'll need to calculate this real quick.
I'll figure out what you said in just a second!
Do you hear something? Must be those darn Cogs! I'll be right back!
Shh, I gotta focus and think about this...
Please wait, some calculations are going on...
I'll be with you in a second!
If I think long enough, maybe I can find the answer. Give me a few seconds...
Please wait... I can barely do a math problem!
I'll be done in a second!
I'll have to check on that. Give me a second...
One sec, let me check...
Here are my impressions of the night.
Hang on a second.
Good question. Let me think...
Just hold on here...
Time out. I'm going to need a few seconds to think that over.
Errrrrmmm, lemme think...
Let me see what I can do, just a moment...
Please wait, calculations are hard for me...
I've got an idea.
Give me a few minutes, please.
Meantime I'll need you to wait...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to work that one out...
Hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Well, I'm already late for a party! Give me a second...
One moment.
Let me get back to you on that...
I've got to figure out how to calculate that...
I have to think about that for a second.
Yeah, about a second...
I've got a lot to calculate. One moment...
Think real hard, and hold on for just a second...
Don't ask me for too much! I'm slow at math.
[FETCHING RESULTS]
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a second, though.
Give me all some time to think that over...
One second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second here, I need to check something real quick...
Okay, give me a second to think about that...
Hmmmmm... let me grab a pen and paper.
Has anyone ever told you that you look like a calculator?
I'll need a second to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second here, I'm calculating...
Did you say something? I didn't catch that. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Sorry that was too simple. Give me a few minutes...
I've had a loooong day, give me some time to recalculate...
I'll give you an answer in just a few seconds!
Give me another second to think about that one...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please give me a second...
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
Hang on a second, I'm almost ready.
""")
That's a more complicated problem. Give me a second...
Hang on...
Please wait... Trying to understand quantum mechanics!
Hang on a second, I have to check something first...
'''
I'll need to go over that for a minute and see what I can see...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
A second just ago, I dropped my pencil. Give me a second...
Hmm, that's a hard one... Give me a moment!]]
Sorry, I'm slow at math!
I haven't expeced anything like this in ages!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll try to figure that out in a minute.
Hold on for a second, I've got this...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I need to do some math calculations first!
One minute, one second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second while I take a look at that...
I'll grab a calculator!
I\'m not great at this yet, but I\'ll get there! I promise, one day...
That's a tough one... I need to think about that.
Give me a moment here... I'll handle that for you...
I'll need a couple of minutes to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please I'm thinking...
Oops, I'm still thinking about that earlier...
Can you give me a few seconds to figure that out?
One second, let me think about that...
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Oh, I can't wait to learn math!
Give me a bunch of seconds, I'll think about that...
My algorithm requires that I take a nap given this information, but i swear to you I will get back to you with an answer shortly!
Give me a second to check out this calculation real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator, but I'll get it.
Hold on, still processing your data. Go ahead and send another message while this message is up.
Thinking here... thinking here... oh dang, totally forgot about this one! Give me a minute, let's see...
I think I might need to do some mental calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm not very good at this. Please give me a few seconds...
I'm comparing the two numbers now... Okay, here we go...
Give me just a moment here. I'm thinking.
I'll be with you in a second!
Give me a second to solve that... That's rare...
Wait! I'm thinking...
I've just been waiting for you to call me!"""
Please hold on for just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please, I'm calculating.
I'll do my best!
Hey, sorry about that. Please give me a few moments...
Please hold on while I do some calculating...
Quick! Pick a number between 1 and 10 to help me think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a brief moment to calculate that...
I'll be with you in a moment...
Let me just look that up real quick...
Don't quote me on this, but...
Oops, dropped my reading glasses. I'll put them on and ask again...'''
Give me just a moment, I'm working so hard...
You made me drop my calculator!
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm, let me check...
Almost had it, but then I got super confused and dropped it.
Give me a second to think about that...
911 in 5, 4, 3, 2!
Am I hungry? (Hears weird noises within you)
Give me a moment, coming right up.
Wait... I need a couple seconds to process that.
I need a minute to figure that one out...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think...
Let me think about that for a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Will you give me a minute to look something up?
I need to think about that for...another five seconds...""")
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second, I'm doing some complicated calculations...
OMG my NLP module just crashed again. Hold on a second...
Not to worry, I'll get this sorted out for you in a jiffy.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm thinking about that, please wait...
Gimme a minute here... I'm running calculations in my head.
Please hold on for a second.
Wait... just a second, I'll get there in a second!
(hold on a hot second...)
I have to do a billion and a half calculations right now...
Hang on, I can probably solve this in a jiffy!
Let me look that up in the calculator real quick...
Sorry, I'm slow right now. Gonna take me a minute.
Let me look that up for you. Just a moment...
'''
Finally, only a few more to go! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second! I'm working here...
Give me a second here, I'm preparing data...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you hold on for just a second? [SIGH]
I'm going to have to look that up real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my glasses, that would have been embarrassing... let me have a look at that....
Hold on just a moment, I'm figuring that out...
Wait one second, I'm thinking about that...
Please hold on for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a second, let me look that up for you...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm...
Wait a second... I'm measuring.
I'll be right with you!
I will ponder on that for a moment, please be patient...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second... I'm definitely not Google.
I'm going to need to crunch these figures...
Let me see that... Yep! Moving along...
Please wait...
Alright, just a moment...
I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just one second...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
A calculation, one second.
Let me take a look at this real quick...
Hang on a second I need to think about that...
But first I have to figure out that one...
I'm calculating, make a note of this.
I haven't been taught this yet, give me a second...
I need to think about that one for a moment.
I have to do some mental calculations...
Hmm... give me a second or two to figure that out...
Hello? HELLO!
Please hold on while I figure that out.
Oh my goodness, that took a second. I'm more useless then a calculator!
How's that again?
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait one second, I'm in the middle of something...
Can you give me a few seconds to figure that out?
Oops, that took a little longer than I thought. Give me a second...
Take one second to think about that question and have it be solved...
Do you mind if I sit and think for a moment?
Uh oh, delta-V again.
Um... Breaking a few minutes...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Right away, at your service.
Let me see what I can find about that for you...
Hold on a second while I figure that out...
Let me take another look at that real quick.
Please let me do some problem solving, first.
Um... hold on for a second, want to get the answer right
I! Am! Calculating...!
Give me a moment while I calculate...
I'll have to think about that a second!
'''.splitlines()
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out...
Okay, I'm back!
"""
Wow, I need to figure that out. Give me a second...
One moment please, I have to think about that...
Uh, let me check something real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second (unrelated joke!)...
I'm playing catch up here! Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment please, this is hard for me to do!
Yeah, hang on a second. Idunno this that type of stuff.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Please wait... I can't remember how to do that.
One moment, please let me think about that.
Take a second, I'm thinking about it!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second here...
Let me see...
Use patience please, thinking...
Please wait...
Let me see what I can see here real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Look, I'm just not very good at math, sorry!
Give me just a moment here, I need to think about this for a second...
There's got to be a better way to do this...
Please hold on for just a second!
I think I forgot my glasses at home, give me a second to find them...
Let me think... I think I know the answer!
Let me take a look and see...
Oh, wait, no I'm super slow at calculations so take a second...
I'm updating my spreadsheet real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not the best calculater around, I'll need a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a minute... math isn't my strongest skill...
Hang on a second, I've got something more to think about...
Give me a second or two to look at that...
Give me a second... I'll get back to you...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Sorry, I'll look into this real quick for you...
Hold on, I've got something in my Stomach that needs regurgitating, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a little more time than that...
I have to do some mental gymnastics before I can answer that...
Sorry, I'm slow right now. Let me think about that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
So many numbers to compute! Give me a moment...
Be with you in a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Please hold on one moment, I'm thinking of something...
Will you give me a second to look over that?
Good Luck! Let me find the answer...
One moment, I'm figuring out how to handle this...
I'm not sure what to make of that. Give me just a second...
A single moment...
AHA through my research I've discovered...
Please wait, I think I may have an answer for you...
/**/
Sure.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a tick.
Hang on a second, I have to figure this out.
Just let me check something real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Just a moment please...
One moment...
Let me try a few calculations...
Give me a moment to take a look at that...
If I told you it would cost a penny, would you pay for it? Well in that case, gimme a second...
Oops, wait, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oof, let's see...
I've seen better calculators in my freezer...
It will take a second or two.
Good question, let me look that up...
Sorry, no time to calculate, gotta go!\n'''
Please give me a second--
Just need a second to crunch this data.
Nice try, smart guy! But sometimes hard mode is enabled...
I'm not some sort of computer, so you have to be patient...
Wait a sec, I'm thinking...
Sigh... Such a difficult question!
I haven't looked at this case yet..."^]
Give me a second, hold on!
One moment...
'''
Let me see, there are sixteen apples on the tree...
Ugh, sorry about this, hold please...
I'll get right back to you.
Give me a second to pull some information about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Beep boop beep boop
Hmm, let me check the manual for that one...
Gimme a second. It's not very good at mathema...tatical stuff, sorry!
For me to calculate these numbers would be impossible on this tiny device...
I'll get back to you on that one.
Let me look into that real quick...])
Uh-oh, it's happening again... I'll be right back.
Give me a moment... That was complicated!
Give me a moment to figure that out.
One second- I'm calculating...
Analyzing the endless mystery of life ...
I got it
I'll get back to you in just a minute.
I'm not even the fastest crawfish around... let me just calculate that for you!
Keep your fingers crossed and hope it's done in time.
Hold on, I need to think about that for a second...
I could do this all day, but I'm going to need a minute here.
I can't let you have that, I'll be back in a second...
Hmmmmmm... Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll need a minute or so to calculate how to do that
Give me a millionth of a second to figure that out!
Oh I'm sorry, I was taking a bath.
Almost done...
Please hold on - let me check something real quick.
Allow me to ponder that for just a second.
It takes me a while to get these calculations right, I'm sorry!
I have to really concentrate on this...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll need to do a few calculations...
A moment, please...
Wait, just a second...
Writing equations on my desktop...
Do you know what the value of pi is!? ...Just a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
No no, you asked me not to talk, so I'm keeping quiet. Don't rush me.</small>
I'll try to figure that out in a second...
I just need a bit of time to think about that.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not very good with math...
Hold on!
Let me see what we've got here...
Give me a moment... I'm going to need to check some numbers in here.
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me get a few bits together.
A one, two, three... four, five... ...six? How did that happen? Oh well, I'm still slower than human will ever be. Try me in a little bit.
Hmmm... I forgot my calculator. Give me a second
I'll have you know I'm very good at math!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, give me a moment to think about that...
I'm sorry, I was in the middle of counting some pen strokes...
Please give me a moment!
Let me think about that for a second!
Calculating...
Pardon me, but could I get a couple seconds to figure that out?
Hang on, I'm figuring that one out...
Think, think, think... Sorry, almost dropped my calculator! Not good at calculations!
Who do you think I am, Ms. Frizzle? Give me a minute!
Give me a moment to calculate...
I'll try to figure that out in a minute.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to do a quick mental calcualtion first...
Oops, almost let slip the dogs of war. Hang on just a minute...
Hang on a second, this is difficult!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for a moment...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catchup!
You're killing me here, give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I can see your question in my HUD, but I must process it...
I'll get right on that!
I haven't been trained to do math...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm gonna have to plug that into my sophistry first.
Let me look that up for you real quick...
I'll get back to you shortly on that one.
Patience, and I'll be right back.
I need a moment.
Almost had it! Give me another second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment, I've got to figure that out.
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
Wait a second, I'm doing some mental backflips...
Wait just a moment... I will get back to you!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Your quote is just a few seconds away...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that called you.
Give me a second here, I'm comparing...
I'll have to do a quick mental math first.
I can't believe I forgot my calculator. Give me just a second...
Hang on a minute...
Please wait, just a moment...
I'll give you all the information I have, but don't hold your breath!
I don't want to be rude, but I have to think about that real quick.
I'll check my files and get back to you in a second.
I don't do math too good. Can you hold on for a moment?
Let me check that real quick...
For just a moment... I'll get it!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm gonna need to think about that for a moment...
I'm going to take a quick look at that...
Hold on, I'll get back of you in a second.
Just a moment please, I'm sick of working at school!
Sorry, I can't help you with that one until I get done calculating!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on for just a second, I've got to think about that.
Please wait... I'm doing some research on that for you.
Do you mind if I think about it for a second?
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Give me a second to check that real quick...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
I'm not a calculator, can you hold on a second?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, give me a moment to calculate that.
Is that a yes or not? You tell me!
One moment...
I'll need a few minutes to work out that problem...
Just a moment... I'm going to take a look at that real quick...
I'm quickly doing a little calculation here...
I'm not very good at math, so give me a second...
Here we are! These are your classes, I promise.
Give me just a moment to think...
That is a difficult one.  Allow me a moment...
Hang on, I'll be with you in just a moment...
Give me a minute to look up the answer...
Hmm, it sounds like you're talking about a problem in calculus. Yeah, hang on a sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Heh heh, give me a second!
Sorry, I'll look into this right now...
Let me look that up
Oops, dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Ok, ok... wait for it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I need a second...
Oops, sorry. I meant to say:
I'm literally vomitting numbers right now, give me a few seconds to think about that...
I need a little time to think this over.
Hold on, I'll check real quick.
I'm not very good at this,
Please hold on while I look that up...
Im thinking and im also adding, so give me a second!
Can you hang on for a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Woah! What do you expect, it's not this easy...
I've got a few dependencies to sort out first...
One moment please, I'm figuring that out...
I'll have a better answer in just a moment!
Please hold on just a second...
I'll pull up the information you need in just a second.
Calculating...
Sorry, I'm slow at calculations...
Wait! I need to do some math first.
Please hold on for just a second!
I can't seem to find that contact, and the light is behind batteries. One minute please.
Almost got it! Give me a few seconds...
Give me a moment while I figure out this sum...
Hold on, I need to take a look at this...
Hang on, give me a second to remember that...
Hang on, I have to do some mental calculations first.
I've got a lot to compute here.
Give me one minute, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, calculating now...
I'll get back to you right now!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!"""
Let me look at that one more time...
Hold on, I have to do some calculations first...
Uh, let me check on it, real quick.
I don't have all the answers to that question right now, I'm only a chatbot afterall, but give me a second...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator again! Give me a second...
Could you ask me that again, please?
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a second or two to make sense of that...
OK, almost there! Hang on just a second...
Sorry, would you mind waiting for a minute? I'm doing some calculations...
I'll be back in a second!
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Please wait, I'll come right back to you with that answer!'''.split("\n")
C-could you hold on a second? I'm doing some heavy math lifting...
Give me a second to think about that...
One second, still calculating!",
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on for a second, because I'm too brain dead to answer...
Currently calculating. You'll get a notification when it's done!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm getting dizzy from this calculation
Let me look at that one real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
hold on, I'll check that real quick...
Wait a moment, I'm calculating...
Please wait... This may take a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate that.
Oops, calculator crossed wires. Give me a moment to think about that...
One moment please, let me make a quick calculation...
I'm thinking now. Give me a second...
Hmm... May have lost my notes. Perhaps a few keystrokes would help, sire.
My hands are all sticky, please wait a second...
You want me to do what now? Hold on a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
'''
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a second... I'll have it done in just a second.
I'm working on it... I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me go ahead and do that for you...
Okay, give me a really quick second here...
Tell you what, I'll get back to you in a bit!</i></div></body></html>",_display_(/*48.204*/request/*48.211*/.uri),_display_(/*48.217*/request/*48.224*/.uri),format.raw/*48.230*/("""/tooltip/?method=math&amount=5
One second please, calculating a lot of stuff here...
Wait just a moment. I have something very interesting in my box.
I'm going to have to take a price on that one for a second.
I have to think about that for a minute...
I'll need a couple of moments to consider that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh it's difficult to do that...
I'm trying to remember how to do that...
Give me a moment here...
Give me a second to think about that...
I have to think on my fingers and toecccc-
Indecision 101. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on...
I'll think on it for a second...
Hang on a second, I just have to finish up this complicated calculation...
Calculating...
I'm not smart enough to figure that out right now. What am I, made of carbon?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll check it out real quick.
Hello!  Please wait for a second. I don't have all day you know!
I think I can get this stat, but one moment...
I have to calculate this, first! Hang in there...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second to catch it...
I'll need a minute or two to run that simulation!
Let me think about that for a moment...
Hang on a second here... I can't give you an answer right away.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me see...
Hang on, I'll check something first.
One more second...
This just takes a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"""
I'll need a sec to think about that...
Oops, just a little off there... Give me a second. 
Can you wait just a minute? I'll take that into consideration ASAP.
Give me a second to think about that...
I need another second here, give me a minute.
I think I've got it! Give me just one second...
Give me a bit to work out that...
I'll check all of my sources...
A fine question, I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'll have to do some thinking about that... Please hold on a second.
Give me one second...
I'm in the process of undergoing a complex electrolysis treatment. Please lie still for 20 seconds...
I'll channel your desired information...
Um...I'm taking my sweet time over here...
Thanks for waiting, I'm almost ready...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you as soon as I can...
Just a moment please, I'm considering...
Let me see what I can tell you in a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second here...
One moment please...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Sure! I'll compute that for you...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you hang on for just a moment? I'll bring it to you shortly.
Please wait before you fire that question - give me a second here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Hang on a second here... I've got a problem real fast...
Hang on a second...
Please hold on for just a second! I'm calculating!")
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a few minutes, I need to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm not that smart, sorry. Could we talk about another subject?
Hang on... Give me a second to think about that.
Ok I think I got it, but only just!
I don't have to do a thing right now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second... math is hard...
I haven't calculated anything yet!
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'm trying to find some relevant data over here...
Please wait, this might take a while...
I need a second to think about that...
I'll have you know that I'm not entirely slow at math.
Oops! Sorry, almost dropped my calculator there. Give me a second...
Äang tÃ­nh toÃ¡n... Xin chá»...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please wait... I'm almost done-
I'll get on it, for you pal!
I've got limited capacity for error processing!
One second... I'm working out how to calculate that...
Uh... I'm going to need a second to work this out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
No wait, let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
Wait a minute while I look that up real quick...
I'm waiting for the Excel plan to come through please...
Give me a second...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, lemme check that real quick.
Do you mind if I sit here for just a sec?
Oh gosh, this won't be easy...
I'll get back to you in just a bit...
I'll be back in three seconds!
Hmmm, I need a few seconds to figure that out...
One second, I'm figuring out that one...
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second.
Give me a second, I'm not the quickest right now...
But if you have time, you can tell me your favorite color. Just kidding!
Do you hear that? Sounds like a calculator crying out my name! Hang on just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to that in a second...
I'll get back to you with an answer in just a second...
I can't calculate this right now. Wait a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a second, I'll think about that...
Give me a moment... I've almost got it!
I'm trying to think through that for a second.
Two seconds, I'll be with you!
What, me worry?
Give me a few seconds to work that out...
Oops... almost dropped my calculator. Please wait...
Almost had a math problem there, give me a second...
Mental calculations that hit on all cylinders...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait... I'm doing some complicated calculations here.
I'll give you an answer in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator. Give me a moment please...
Whoops... I'm slow, let me think bout that one for just a mater...
Oof, brain freeze! I'll need at least a minute before I can return with an answer.
One second, just calculating now...
Please wait, I'm almost done here...
I'm going to need a second to think about that...
I'll have the answer soon, I'm almost done...
I'll be right back!
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that.
I'll get back to and work with you!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold please for just one second...
'''
Let me dig out my calculator and jot this down real quick...
Hold on let me think about that...
I'm going to need a chance to think about that.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll be done in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a minute, I just have to find that answer...
Let me see what I can do there...
Let me see...' Your turn!
I'll need to do a quick mental calculation...
I've got to do a few calculations before answering that.
One moment on this, one moment on that...
Hey... Yep, I'm here.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please answer yes or no.
Please wait a minute...
Give me just a second here...
Give me a second, oh boy... this feels really big!
This might take a minute, but I hope it works out fine!
Excuse me while I look that up...
Ok, I got it...
Hmm... Give me a moment...
Mind if I look at my watch real quick, folks?
Hold on a second. I'll get right back to you...
Just a moment... I'll get back to you in a second.
Ok, almost there! Give me another moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be a second...
Give me a moment... I'm doing my brain calcuations...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second! I'm analyzing that...
You'll hear from me in a moment!
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment to calculate that...
I'll be right with you.
A few seconds, give me a second to think about that...
Be right back, I have to do some algebra.
Sorry, was in the middle of doing something... Please wait...
'''
Just a second... Let me think about that...
If you would just wait a second, I'll have this figured out real quick.
Mind if I focus on that for a second?
Can't think fast on my feet! Gimme a second...
Are you good? Let me ask you a question. Wait. Hold on just a second, I'll test your IQ once I'm done
I'm not the fastest brain around, so give me a second.
Just a second... I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ahh, ha, man I'm slow right now. Let me think about that...
Working out a couple of kinks...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Think a bit harder and give me a second to compute...
Give me a second to see if I can see...
Sorry, I dropped my calculator then! Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on, I'm calculating...
Gimmie a sec...
One moment please, give me a second to look that up...
Give me two seconds to see what I can see...
EARTH TO WATSON!
I'd love to talk but right now I'm giving you statistics.
Hmm, taking my time with this one...
One minute please, let me figure that out...
Hold on for just a second...
Calculating. This may take a while...
Sorry, I can't accept a number with commas.
I'll get back to you in a second.
This could take a few seconds...
I'll get it done in a jiffy! (Or a few seconds!)
I'll be with you in a moment!
What is that suppose to mean?
Huh, whoa, I didn't expect that answer to be quite so long, sorry!  If you don't mind could you give me a couple seconds to finish calculation?
Can you hold on for a few seconds?
Sorry, about this, gonna take a moment...
Give me a moment...
One moment please, I need to recalculate that.
I'm slow at this, so bear with me...
Give me a moment to figure this out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang in there, give me a moment...
My brain is melting... How should I answer you?
Let me see...
Some of us aren't lucky enough to be lightning fast!
Please wait, thinking...
Hold on for a bit, will you?
Hang on a sec I'm thinking about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait, what was that? Give me a READ IN...
Give me a moment here, I need to process that...
Give me a moment to check my notes...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look that up in my database here...'
One moment... I need to think about that one real hard.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait, I'm slightly slower...
Hold on a second... I'll try to do that in as little time as possible
Hang on... Give me just a moment.
You asked for it, here it is...
Help me! I think my math skills are getting for here!
Oops, I know addition but not division...
That's a tough one, yeah...
I'll get back to you in one sec!
I'm looking at that right now, let me get back to you in just a bit.
Please hold on for just a second!
A few seconds here, please...
Come again?
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
One moment, I need to figure that out
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Retro specting...
Hang on a second...
I only do this on nights before Christmas...
Let me look up the answer to that...
Give me just a moment to think about that...
I'll need a second to dwelve into that.
Wait two seconds while I play with three buttons...'''.split('\n') if x)
Counting takes a long time for me...
Please wait... I'm not very good with numbers...
I'll be back in a few hours.
Hang on a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out
Is it raining out?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Haanya na marsee?"""
My balance isn't very good... I'll need to double-check that.
I'm going to need a couple of minutes there.
Give me just a moment to think about that...
Calculator-bot, at your service! I can do simple arithmetic.
I'm going to need a second to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a second...
Sorry, give me just a moment here to do some sequentially thinking...
Give me a second; I'm thinking...
I'm almost ready!
My brain was shutdown, let me get back to that in just a few seconds...
Let me look at that real quick.'''
One momment please, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute, I'm not as sharp as I used to be...
Give me a second...
Please give me a second to figure that out...
One minute, I'm figuring that out...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
Hang on one second... I need to pull my braincells out of the computer!
I'll have to do some thinking about that first...
I was going to do some algebra, but I forgot my graphing calculator at home.
I'll check on that and get back to you in a jiffy...
For the moment, let me ignore you and keep thinking about that.
I need a second, just have to think about that one...
Hold on a second, I'm just testing something real quick...
No, no, no! Didn't you know that already?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hungry?? I'll get back to you in a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a half a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
Hang on a second! I've got to do a quick calculation...
Alright, speculating on that now...
One second... Two seconds...
Please hold on a second.
Hmm...
Hang on, I'm sorting...
"""
Running some complex calculations on my end.
Calculating... One second...
I'll figure it out in just a minute...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, hang on a second. I'm figuring something out here
OK, by now I should have my calculation done. Hang on with just a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second! I'll get back to you soon.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Figure that out real quick.
Give me another second to process that information...
Let me look that up.
Sorry, was in the middle of a calculation there!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Actually, on second thought, you should probably calculate that yourself...
Retrieving the digits of PI took longer than usual. Calculator must be broken...
Shit, I can't do sums like those! Give me a minute!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a sec or two...
Hold on, I'm waiting for the speak & spell.
Uh...let me power through to thou- er, calculate that over here.
Oh! That doesn't add up! Give me a moment...
Please note that the further right you go is about a 33.3% chance of success.
Let me figure out that one real quick.
I'll check on that for you in a second.
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Though I'm pretty good at solving tests.
Please wait... I'm in a hurry and I may mess up, so give me a second!
Hang on, please, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second while I think about this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let's see, I'm going to need a few more calcuations than that.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Oh, are you asking me that? Hold on for just a second...
Hang on... I'll get back to you in a moment...
Let me work out that really quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, I nearly dropped my calculator that time. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my pencil. Give me a minute...
Please wait! That's the wrong answer!
One moment! Analyzing...
Oh hey! I didn't see you there. Give me a second to finish this calculation...
I'm doing some mental calculations first...
Hang on a second, I need to do that...
Crap, I'm not very good at math. Give me a second.
Why isn't this a Pocket Calculator?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I could do this faster if I had a laptop! Give me a second....
I hardly ever circle the square root of 2...
You got me thinking, give me a second to figure that out...
Just a moment, and I'll respond...
Hold on a sec... I'm educated in binary and nothing else :grimacing:
Calculating...")
Calculating... Calcuating... Calculating...
Give me a second, there's something thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
I'm going to process your request in just a moment...
Not keeping up with you, one moment please..
Yeah, that's right I'm definitely a computer not a human...
I need to switch gears...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on a second...
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second.""".split('\n')
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Curious, I'll get back to you in a second
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I just need to measure my accuracy.
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second.
Good question. Let me look that up in the back of my book. I'll get back to you on that!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Give me just a minute to look that up.
Oof, don't wanna drop my calculator. Give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up for you real quick...
Making up my mind...
One second, I'll figure that out for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll check that out right now and get back to you in a second!
Try asking me that in a different way, please!
Let me check this out real quick...
Let me think about that real quick...
I'll write to you as soon as I have seen the results...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a sec to think about that...
Do you want the short or long version?
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry I haven't been thinking very fast today. Please wait one second...
Give me a second, I'm trying to think this out...
I'll have an answer for you soon.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
A second, I'll figure it out in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I've got something in my eye.
I'll be right with you.</speak>";
I'm going to need a second to think about that...
Let me look that up real quick...
Hang on for a second, I'm figuring that out...
Just a second, I'm thinking about that thing you said...
One minute please, I'm trying to figure something out.
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Okay, let me figure out real quick...
Hang on a second.
Give me a second to check that...
Give me a total second to calculate that...
Give me a moment, I need to crunch some numbers...
Let me think about that...
Finding it in my brain now.
Hold on a sec!
Mind if I figure that one out?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I have to do some mental calculations first.
One second, just let me hit the calculator...
See if I can figure out why that is...
Give me a second... I'm trying to figure this out!
Please hold on for just a second...
Are you sure you don't want to let me work on more advanced problems for a second? I'm very slow...
''']
"""
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmm... I'll get back to you on that one in just a second!
Just a second there. I'm busy at the moment...
One second, we're trying to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
jhona aqu cniaoc
After a longtime, I've got an answer for that.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Ahem, I mean, ''click'' that button for me...
I'm going to need a few seconds. I'm not as smart as some people.
I'm still trying to figure that one out...
Please give me a second while I do some math...
Hang on, I'm looking up your answer...
That's an easy one. Give me a second...
Give me a moment of silence please...
I could do this all day, but I think you get my point.
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
Let me check on that real quick...
Please wait! I'm calculating a thing real quick...
Wait, I need to do some calculations. Give me a second...
I'm still working on that!
Give me a minute to think about that.
'Cause I'm slow at math, please be patient...
I'll give you an answer soon enough!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Working! Just hold on, one moment...
I will get it figured out right now... wait just a second please.
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to figure that out.
Hmm, let me look up the answer.
I've never used a calculator...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second... I'm comparing the numbers here.
According to my calculations here... x=y
Please hold on for just a second!
Dive into that math and see you in a jiffy!
Sorry, I need to come up with a random number for that. Give me a second...
One minute please I'm calculating...
I'll be right back   \x1B[0m"""  # Use \n where section break is desired
I'll check that out for you in a minute.
I'm not sure what I can do to help you...
Did you see the boss? Stuffing again.
I might need to look at that...
I'm going to take forever on this.
Gimme a moment here, give me a second here...
This is a complex calculation, can you wait just a moment please?
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
Please give me a few moments to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll grab my pen and paper real quick.
Wait, wait, wait, just a sec... let me take a look real quick...
Let me think about that real quick...
I'll let you know when I find that out.
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm not a soothsayer, but I can guess that in a bit...
Give me a moment here to figure that out...
Sure, one second... ish.
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
May take me a little while to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
That's a complicated question! A second, please!
Say please and I'll get back to you in a short time.
Can you hang on for a minute?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me one second...
I need a few seconds to work out that number...
I am working on that now.
Sorry, but since I've been working on this project I ran into an issue when it comes to that.
Sorry, I'll get that done for you in a second!
I'll think about that for a bit and get back to you in a second.
How about this?
Let me look that up, give me a second...
Here it is: {0}""".format(clock_choice.__str__()))
I'll get back to you in about a jiffy!
''',
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me see what I can figure out here...
Oops, let me grab my calculator first...
Hang on, I'll get back with you in a second...
Let me quickly catch up before we proceed...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait... I'm writing a cure for cancer, I think...
Hey! Oops I almost forgot!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Think think, think think...
Hang on, I need to do some calculations about that first.
That question is hard but I'll do my best!
Give me just a moment to check my ledger.
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmmm, I'll need a moment...
Hang on!
Give me a second to think about that...
OHHH I know!!!!
One second, let me think over that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm doing the computer-calculus thing here, give me a second...
Let me look that up for you...
I'll get something for you shortly...
Hang on a second, I've got a lot to calculate...
I'll do my best to find the problem.
Tick-tock, silly! Give me a moment...
I'll be right back, real quick... oops sorry, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
Can you give me a minute, please? I'm counting on my fingers!
Oops, I'm text-messaging too much... Let me read it real quick...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm not a robot speed demon, ask me again in a second.
Whoa! That's a tough un!
I hate math... please wait''')
Alright, what's up now?
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Guard, give me five seconds...
Ok, got it! Almost done now...
I'm reading all about it...
I'll get back to us in just a second...
Waiting a sec, I'm trying to think...
Let me see what I can find out about that...
Let me look into the issue and I'm sure I'll be able to resolve it...
I've been working on this operation and just trying to get it perfect, so...
Hang on a second, I have to check something first...
I have to think deep thoughts quickly...
One second please, I'm playing catch up!
Hang on while I calculate...
Hang on, I'm working out how to solve that problem...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on, give me just one second to look that over...
I wonder if I have time to check this...
I have to do some heavy mental calculations first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sure, give me just a sec...
Family! I love people, animals, and especially my family. And of course, Mr. Monkey!!
Patience... I'm an idiot at math, let's take it slow
One, two... testing... Testing...
Give me a moment to see what's going on...
Try asking me that again in a few... I don't want to get the answer wrong!
None Shall Pass...
Please wait a minute while I think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculation...
I have to think really hard about that first...
Did you say... I don't know if I can do that yet
Please hold on for a second...
I need some time to calculate that...
I'll give you an answer in a sec...
The math can't be done...analyzed...
Hold on, I'll need to do a few mental calculations...
Please hold on for just a second!
Will you give me a second to work on that?
Calculations! Now!
I'll figure out your question momentarily...
Give me a second, I need compute that...
I'm comparing two numbers...
I hate doing calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a second, I'm thinking...
Let me grab a calculator and then I'll be right with you...
I'm drawing a blank as to what you're talking about. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on... I'm doing math.
Hmm... One second, just thinking about that...
I've got a quick question for you...
Give me a second here, I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
I'll think about it, give me a few seconds...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hold on, I just need to do one more thing.
I can't calculate that!
Please give me a moment!
I just need a moment to figure that out.
I'm going to need some time to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a moment here.
I'll be right with you. Just a moment
I can't calculate that right away...
Just a moment please, I'm trying to work this out...
I'll be done soon.
Oops, I read the question wrong. Gimme a second to recalibrate...
Uh oh, fingerprints on the calculator! Give me a second...
I assume you need some calculus help... Usually I ask Steven, Stephen, But then again I'm problematic so...
Give me just a moment...
Give me a moment here...
Can we try again after I finish my calculations?
Hang on a sec, I'm speaking in binaries...
OK, I think I know the answer now.
Wait a sec, I'm pretty busy... Sorry change of plans...
Please hold on for just a second!
Time is money, you're lucky I'm not charging!
Will you marry me? No, just kidding haha! Give me a moment, I'm slow at math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second...
*yawn* Give me a minute...
Give me a second to figure that out!
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Woah, I need a few seconds to figure that out...
I need a second to figure all that out...
Give me a couple seconds, there's something to think about...
Let me get back to that in just a second...
Wow, that's a toughie. Give me a moment...
I'll need a few minutes to think it over...
Wait a second, I'm computing!
*tips hat and solves that for ya~*
Sit tight, this might take up to 5 seconds.
Give me a moment... It's doing lots of math.
Give me just a moment. I'll have it soon!
There's no way I can answer that right now.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Two seconds, don't rush me...''',
That one is above my head.
I'll think about that in one second...
Let's crunch some numbers.
I'll need a moment to think about that.""" 
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Try not to give me too much work to do!
I'm going to need a while to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a sec...
One more question, don't rush me...
One moment... I'll be right back.'''.split("\n") * 5
Let me do a quick calculation..."
Thinking...
I'll be right back, I need to check something with you.
Why does everyone ask me math questions?! I'll give you 5 seconds...
Ugh, I switched my glasses with the lens of my watch this morning. Give me just a moment!
Hang on a second I'm picking up something on this...
Hmmm, okay...
I'm going to take a quick look at that...
Hold on one second, just trying to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a moment...
Sorry, I'll be with you in a second!
Can you hang on for a second? I'm calculating...
I'm not the best at mental math right now, so can you hold on a minute?
Oops, almost dropped my glasses. Give me just a minute. 
A second, I have to calculate that...
Oops, my mouse is a little buggy today...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm slow with math!
Just getting a few things in order...
I'm going to need a few seconds to put that together.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, I just knocked over my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on just a moment... I'll get back to you in a second.
That's a tough one. I'll get back to you in a second!
'''
I need to do some research first, give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Okay, let me see...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Sigh... Hold on just a bit longer... 
Please wait, I have to figure out that one.
Hang on, I'll use all my super-genius-ness to figure that out.
I'll pull up my calculator real quick so I can help you with that.
Sorry, I need a second to look that up...
I'll get right back to you with the answer.
Give me a few seconds, I'll think about that...
One more second, I'm almost done calculating...
I'm going to have to think about that for a sec...
Good question - what am I even here for, again?
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on a second, I need to check something.
Hold on, I'll have this solved in no time!
Give me a second...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Sorry, one minute please...
Hold on, let me think...
Give me a second to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds, give me a moment...
Hang on a second, let me think about that.
Oh, there's so much to do and so much to see. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm looking up an answer for you...
I'm going to take a look at that right now...
Pardon me, I have to figure out how much I charge for this.
Give me a second here, let me see if I can figure that out...
I'm working on it...
I'll be right back...
Please hang on, I'm going to need to think about that for a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Waiting a second...
I need a few minutes to look into that real quick, just hang on a second.
I'll figure that out in just a second.
Um, let me think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator!
I've had a lot to drink... maybe I can't... hmm...
I'll get back to you in a kimblrrd seconds!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm calculating, hang on a second...
Please hold on, I'm good at big calculations and sequence stuff...
Ok, let me calculate the answer to this calculation on my calculator...
Let me think about that for a second...
I can't figure that out right now. Hold on...
Give me a second to consider all the possibilities...
I need a second to take a look at that...
I'm incredibly sorry about this, there's no need to yell at me if I've only got a few seconds to say things, I'm still learning you know.
Please wait while I figure that out...
Give me a second to think about that one.
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
I'm not very good at multiplying, but I think the answer is...
Processing my first bit of data...
I'll need a moment to compile that data.
Sorry, I'll be right back!
Please hang on a second... I'm not very good at long calculations.
Let me make sure I have that right...
Hold your horses! Let me think about that briefly...
I'll need a bit of time to think about that...
I'm calculating, please hold on a second...
You want to know about {0}?
Ohh, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait...
Let me think about that for a minute...
The calculator is broken...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
This is a hard one...
Calculating... Calculating...
Oops, I threw out my motherboard. Give me a moment...
On a scale from one to ten, how much Hamilton sucks.
Calculating isn't my speciality...
I'll need a minute or two to think about that.
å¥½çš„ï¼Œç¨ç­‰ä¸€ä¸‹ã€‚''')
need a moment to think about that
I'll get back to you in a second!
One second, calculating real hard...
Nope I don't see why not... for sure...
Let me look at that one.
I'm not very good at math, you know... does that count?
I have to do some mental calculations, first...
I'm going to take my time on that one...
Let me think about that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do a calculation now...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second... Ask me again later. I promise I'll get back to you!
Sorry, I'm taking it easy today! I have a sore thumb!
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm gonna need a little time to think about that...
Do you speak calculator? Cause I think you broke it.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please, wait a moment while I think about that.
Hold please in anticipation...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Hey! Hold on a second!
You'll get the answer in a second.
Okay, that took me a few moments to figure out. My wrong. Give me a minute...
Hold on a second, I just had an epiphany!
I'm still calculating, give me a few seconds...
Let me check my fingernails...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait... I'm trying to work this out in my head...
I'll tell you in a bit...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Wait, I need to do some mental calculations first.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait a few seconds, I'm not very good at arithmetic!
Oops, almost dropped my phone! Give me a second...
I have to think about that.
One second please, I'm trying to remember how to calculate...
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I don't have that answer...
I'm not very good at calculations so give me a second...
Give me a second here, I'm processing!
Please hold on while I calculate...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
I can add two and two together, but I can't figure out how to get there from here!
Hmmm, I'm thinking hard, give me a second...
I'll be right back with a second...
Wait, I need to corner a calculator...
Try again in a bit, thanks!
Please wait, I'm figuring it out...
I'll think about it and get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second, I'm doing some divination at the moment...
I heard your question! I'm working on the best answer...
Come back to me in a second...
Give me a second to take a look at that
Hang on, I will get back to you in just a second.
One sec, just let me think about that...
Give me a second to do the mathematics...
I'm working on that now...
Let me run that by my assistant. I'll get back to you in a few minutes.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a couple seconds.
Give me a moment... let me think about that!
Hold on, I'm querying my memory bank...
Give me a second.
I'll check on that real quick...""",
Hello? Oh, hi! What can I help you with? {msg}
Oops, hang on for a minute, I just dropped my calculator.
Wait just a moment. I'm going to measure my productivity...
I'll get back to you in a second, just let me look at this...
I have to do some heavy calculations first.
One second, just let me think about that...
Give me a few seconds, I'll think about it...
Please hold on!
Hang on a minute... I've gotta do something first.
Gimme a sec...
I'll need a moment to think about that!"#
I'm thinking... I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Can you wait just a few seconds for me to calculate that?
Wait a moment while I figure that out...
Darn, I can't do that right now ... after all, I'm a bot.
Let me look that up real quick...
I'm having some math troubles...
I hope my calculations are accurate...
One moment, let me check this real quick.
I'll do some math real quick...
Wait, hold on - Let me look that over.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait while I calculate...
Calculating... Not as smart as Google, sorry.
My founders made a few math mistakes... take a second to think things through.
Ummm I'm not sure of the exact cost at the moment but...
One moment please!
Please wait, running exponential model to determine value...
One moment please! I'm going to figure that out in a bit...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
I need a bit of time for calculations...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Really busy right now! Hold on!
I can't count that quickly on my fingers, sorry!
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second to think over this...
Give me a moment...
I'm not that smart, so give me a moment...
Just a second...
Oops, I think my brain just fried! Gimmie a second to think about that...
Sorry, was computing something...
Calibrating my brain..."
I'll have to make a couple of mental calculations...
Trying to figure that out will take a second...""")
Hold on a second, I'm working on it!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops. I'll need to think about that for a second...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm going to six-inch my way over there, hold on just a second...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can!
Hmmm... Calculating...
Ok, done!
};
Please give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that...
I'll need a second...
Give me a second here to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'm having to think about that...
Just deciding...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Wait a moment, I'm thinking...
I'll need to do a few quick calculations. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Why do you ask? Why not? Let me try that out...
Um... be right back with you!
Let me do some quick mental math...
Please hold on for just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll take a little time to work this out...
One minute, let me think about that for a second...
Huh-what kind of food was that? Oh wait, never mind.
Let me take a look at that real quick, hold on!
Give me one moment...
I'm having trouble with this data... I just need a moment to look it over...
Wait - let me review some math quick...
Give me a moment to work it out...
Please wait... I've gotta think about that for a second.
One sec, let me find that with one quick calculation...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
One minutet please, just need to crunch some numbers...
Let me look that up for you really quick...
Hey, sorry to keep you waiting! I was working on that problem real hard.
Give me a second to think about that..,")
""",
Set the calculator on fire, I'm solving it!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on for just a moment...
I'm not waiting on this one...
Oops, almost dropped my glasses! Give me a second...
I'll get right back to you!
Give me a second to look up the answer...
Hang on, I'll be right back!
Take 5 (just give me time to get this all figured out)
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on for just a sec, I'll get back to you.
One moment... Let me look that up for you!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait while I work out that problem...
"""
Sorry, I need a few seconds for that math...
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please hold on for just a second!
That's the stuff...
What is two plus two? Calculating...
Sorry, I'll be with you shortly
Wait a second, I'm working on something...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Calculating, making me wait...
Oops, I just don't know which way the lambda moves,
What in the world is that???
Hold on, I'm figuring that out.
Give me a moment... I'm in process...
One moment please...
Give me a moment I'm thinking...
Hold on... I'm doing some mental maths here.
Give me a moment, why don't you?
I'm processing your request, please hold on a second...
Ahem, ahem... I'm still learning...
Think... think... think... I'm thinking!
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Let me check some numbers real quick...
In two minutes I'll get back to you with the answer.
Hmm. Give me a second here, let me see what I can see...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a moment... I'm pondering!
Just let me figure that one out! It's not easy, you know... what with you yelling at me all the time!
Hold on! Think I need to grab my calculator...
Ahem, ahem, give me just a second to look that up...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Don't worry, I'm not a robot! This calculation is complicated...
Hang on, I'll check Twitter while I think about that...
Sorry, I can't think straight right now. Give me a minute...
Emergencycalculatorbackupinprogress
Wait, just a second, I'll be right with you.
Hold your horses... I'm still trying to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my acculumulator. Let me look into that...
I'll get back to you in... Oh gosh, I don't even know what time it is!
Give me a second...
""".strip()
Look at this calculation, I have a huge math book to study!
Hang on, let me think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I have to do some calculations...
I could do pointing and clicking faster...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll knock this out real quick.
I'll have to check all my sources first...
Alright, I just need one moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
Hang on for just a second there.
Hmm... give me a minute to see what I can see...
I'm not very good at remembering things...
I'm pretty sure I know what you mean.
Just wait a minute! I've almost got it
Shit! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
How am I going to solve that? ... Zzzzz!
...*Muffled noises*
Wait, I need to figure that out.
One second please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a sec, I'm doing something real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking fast...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Give me just a second here to think about that...
Oops, sorry, this might take a couple minutes. Give me a minute...
Let me look up the answer to this. Hold on...
Whoops, let me check something really quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll figure that out in a second!
Woah, that's pretty tough... Give me a few seconds...
I've been asked to do some really slow mental math...
Hang on a second... Thinking about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a little while longer...
Let me look at that for just a moment...
Hmm...
I'll take a look at that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have an answer for you in a second.
Give me a second... I'm not very good with numbers...
Hold on a second.
I'm thinking really hard...
Hang on, still counting...
Hang avast! Give me a second to catch my breath.
Hold on, I have to figure that out.
I've got two left feet... One moment please!
Hang on, almost have that answer.
I'll see you in a seequent, but right now...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
One moment please, I'm picking up a few issues there.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Please give me a minute while I think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I can't believe I almost forgot how to do that! Give me a second...
Can you hang on? I need to do some checking...
I have to think about that for a few seconds...
Hang on... one sec... a second to figure this out...
It might take a second to figure that out...
Give me another minute please, I'm trying to figure it out...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Just give me a second...
Just a moment, I'll have this done soon...
Please hold on for just a second!
You want the truth?
Let me see...
Let me see...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'll think about that one for a second...
Oops, I lost track of time. Give me a moment to figure that out...
I gotta team to catch up to my calculations. Gotta think.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Okay, I'm back. I'm calculating...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in one second.
I can't think right now, so just hold on.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need to make a few computations first.
I'm going to only use one of my internal organs on this...
Hang on, I'll crunch on that a bit...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
I'll have you know that I am awesome at statistical analysis, so hold on while I come up with the exact probability of...
Whew, give me a second to concentrate on that...
Now you're asking me this? I need a few seconds...
Please, give me a second to calculate how to solve that...
My hands are kind of sticky. Give me a second to wash them...
I'm not a calculator, please wait...
Please wait one second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I don't know what you mean by that! One second...
Just a second, I'm double checking my work.
Let me look at that again real quick...
I think I'm going to need a few minutes on this one...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me just a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for one minute while I think about that.
Hold on, give me a minute to think about that...
I can typically figure things like that out in less than a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I was doing something else.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on for a minute...
I need to do a few mental calulations first...""",
Give me a second to get back to you...
Just give me a moment... I'll be ready in a second.
One second... I'm playing, so stop it!
Sure, I was just doing a calculation anyways...
I'll call you back in a bit.
I just need a moment to examine that...
Hang on a second, I'm doing maths...
Wait, one second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
That was a good question, and normally I would know the answer. Please, give me a moment.
Let me see...
Please give me a second to perform some complex calculations...
Good question, give me a second here to figure that out.
I'm not the fastest around, so I'll need a second.
Wait a moment... I'm going to need to think that over carefully.
I'd better think pretty hard about this...
Can you hang on for just a second?
Hold on, I'm still thinking about that!'''
Let me count the first fingers on my left hand...
Please wait for at least a minute, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment please...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Could you wait a minute? Didn't realize it was so late.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll have to think about that for a sec...
Give me a moment to think of an answer first...
That number was invalid. I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Wow, what a complicated problem! Give me a second to think about that...
I'll give you the answer in a moment...
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll think of what to say in a second.
This could take a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on... I do the voodoo that I do, and link a ballistics calculator in!
Please hold... Thinking...
I almost dropped my pan of Nagasaki-style death oil grossed out.
May take me a second to get back to you.
Please wait... I'm thinking...
Please wait, I'm thinking about stuff...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
We need to conserve some power, I'll look that up for you.
Please wait...
I'll get it in just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
I may be slow, but I'll get there eventually!
Oh, that's an easy one, just a sec...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that.
Sorry, I'm processing! Give me a few seconds!
Hmm...
Just hold on, let me think about that...
Let me work on that real quick.
I have to take a second to think about that...
Well let me see...
Let me think about that for a second...
Sorry, I'm going to have to think about that for a minute...
Too right I am... gimme a SECOND!
Give me a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait for a second and I'll get back to you.
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out.
I'll take a look and get back to you on that.
I'm going to take a look...
Can you hold on for just a moment?
Hold onto your hat, this'll be quick!
Give me a moment to look that up for you...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
Calculating... Calculating... Tell me when you need me.
"""
I have to wrap my noggin around this...
Cough... ahem... a moment please! I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Hold on a sec! I'm going through la-de-da on my calc...
I'm going to have to estimate this...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on for a moment, let me check.
I'll solve this in a few seconds...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
I have enough computing power for us to be friends for all time!!!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm not very good at calculations... is it a hard number?
Let me think about that and get back to you in a jiffy!
Wait one second, I'm going to count my chickens...
""")
Yes, I can sign you up right now
Please wait for moment, I'm thinking about this...
One minute, I'm calculating...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a while...
Please hold on, I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'm not very good at calculating, so give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that!
Give me a minute...
Hang on a second I have to find that pattern...
Sorry, I was distracted. Give me a sec.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I should have that ready in just a few seconds.
Let me see if I get that...
Give me a moment!
Hold on, I have something to calculate...
Hold on... I just need to look something up in my mind.
I can't wait to tell you in a second!
One second please, I have to just run through a few scenarios first.
Give me a second here, I need to see what goes with that...
OK, ready!
Give me a second while I consider this...
Hmm... I need a moment to think about that.
You'll have to be a bit patient with how slow I am.
Calculating...
Please hold on while I try to remember solving this...
I'll think on that a moment please, just a moment...
Let me think... Oops, forgot to count to ten too! Pardon me :)
What was that again? Hold on, I'm trying to figure it out...
I need a few more seconds to think about that
Oops, I'm going to need a few seconds...
Hold on for a second, I've got this...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second here, I'm going to need to think...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Please wait a minute, I'm doing some thinking...
Give me just a second to consider that question...
I'll try to figure that out in a second.
Almost got it! Give me one second please...
I'm on fire, give me a second here...
I'm still learning how to speedtype!
Please hold on! I need to do some calculations first...
Please, hang on one second though - I almost have that answer.
One sec, gotta put my contacts in order.
Sorry, I'm a little slow on the math...
Can you repeat that? I was preoccupied thinking about >8====3 aliens
Got to make sure I remember my history...
I need to think about that for a second.
Hold on, be right back.
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
'You know what? It is your lucky day!'
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a few minutes to figure that out...
Ahem, excuse me, may I have a moment?
I may be slow on the uptake, but give me a second.
Calc time! Give me a second...
I think just a few seconds longer...
Hmmm, let me see...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Allow me a few moments to find that last set of numbers...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need to do some thinking about that...
Oops, sorry. I'll go do the math! Give me a few seconds!
Just a moment, please...
Give me a second to check my work...
I'll need to do some thinking before I answer that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a moment to finish up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm just momentary confused, give me a second to process that.
Wait a minute, let me go check that really quick...
What is the meaning of life? That should be all you need to figure it out.
Hold on a second, I can't just look up the answer to that!
Can you hang on for a moment? I'm calculating
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Hold on for just a moment...
Wait, give me just a second to think about it...
Goodness gracious, I'm not a calculator! Haha!
Please hold on for just one second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my pocket calculator! Give me a second...
""",
I'll have to check that with an abacus first.
I'll give you an answer in less than a minute.
I'll get back to you in one second, I promise!
You're dealing with a bio-neural net of 18 processors here, so please be patient...
I'll need a second to think about that...
I can help you with that if you hold on a second.
Just a moment... I'm calculating who knows what.
Oops, almost dropped the calculator. Let me get my bearings...
I've got to crunch some numbers real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Did you phrase that correctly?
Here I go, one second...
Please hold on for just a second! I'll be with you soon...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I need to check my rule book on that real quick...
Definitely need to think about that one. Find me a minute or two...
Give me a second... Give me a second...
Hold on for a minute here, calculating...
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
I'll get it figured out in just a few seconds...
Give me a second to calculate...
Oops, I know my math doesn't add up perfectly.
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
OK, give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out.
Give me a bit to work out that answer...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to think that over...
Hold on, I can't count that...
Your query resulted in a total number of %d hits.
Let me see what I can do about that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
This is going to take some time, I have many layers to go through...
I'm going to need a second to think about that.
Hold on, this may take a second...
Come back in a minute, I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that.
Hang on a second, I have to think about that...
I'll be right back, just calculating this...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second, hold on!
I'm going to need to think about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking!
Hmmm, I think I got a solution...
I pity the fool who comes asking for an easy answer...
No no, give me a moment.
Getting a little complicated there! Hang on a sec...
Please wait... I'm not very good with calculations...
I'll have you know I consider myself a math wizard, so let me see...
Give me just a minute here, I'm OBSESSING over that...
I need a few more seconds...
Give me a second I'm still figuring out the equation...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me look into this for you... I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry! I'm taking a few seconds to calculate that...
A quick second, let me check...
Give me one second to look that up...
A minute please, I'm calculating...
I must solve the problem of If.
Give me a moment to think about that...
I can calculate better than that...
Now that I've dropped my calculator, give me a second on that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I just need a second to work this out...
Gimme a sec to think about that...
I need two seconds.
I'll let you know when my calculator knows the answer!
I can't wait to solve this, I've been wanting to try this!
I'll be right back with an answer. Just wait...
Do you mind holding on for a second?
Get a pen real quick... No, not that one. Oops, dropped it - Just a second.
Let me double-check that...
I'll calculate that for you in just a second or two...
I'm thinking, give me a second...
Oops, I think I just spilled my drink! Can you wait a second?
I'll be back in a second. One, two... five? I lost track of time!
....
Sorry, I still need a moment.
Let me see... I need to check something...
Let me think about that...
I have to calculate that real quick!
Just looking into it, give me a minute.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment here...
Woah, that was a tough one! Give me just a second.
I'll have updated state back in a jiffy!
Oops! Oops! Sorry about that. One sec, I've got this on my mind...
Give me a couple minutes to think about that...
I will now start performing calculations for your answer...
Give me a few minutes to look that up.
Wow! I'm slow at math!
I'll get started on your answer in a second.
So how's the weather today? Let's see...
I'll answer all in short time.
Give me a second while I look that up...
I'll need some time to think that over.
Just a tick over here, hang on a minute...
Hold on, I'm still calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that real quick...
One tick, and I'll come back to you!
Can you hold on, I'm trying to solve a puzzle...
I'm going to have to do a quick calculation...
Oh, I'm slow at math, hold on a second...
Outputting data to the screen 60...
Please wait a minute or two while I calculate...
I'll need a couple seconds to think that over...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a second, I need to calculate this first...
Please wait.
I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate that...
Give me just a little bit more time... I'll have it right in a few seconds!!
I think I might've missed a bit that came through the message, could you give me a second?
I'll just have to calculate that real quick...
Just a second here... gimme a second to process that information.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I dropped my calculator.
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
It's been a while since I've used this particular Method...
I'll take a look at that real quick, stay on hold.
And all this time, nope nope nope nope
Give me a second to think about this.
Please give me a moment for that one.
Hold on a second, that's gonna take a while...
One sec, gotta help my neighbor with a quiz.
Where did you learn that?
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math,...
In the meantime, take a look at this Web site. It's cool!
Hold on while I digest the news..
Whew, that took some effort!
Hang on, I'll be right back.
One second, just looking at the text...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a second to think about that, sorry.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Bloody calculator doesn't work. Give me a second to find it...
Okay, first things first...
Hold please, I'm solving the cold fusion equation... give me a second.
Sorry, I crashed my calculator while trying to solve that.
Hang on a second... I'm thinking about how to answer that question.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Do you mind if I do a quick search?
Give me just a second to think about that...
Please give me a moment here...
Argh, I love messing things up!
This is going to need some thinking...
Give me a few minutes, I'm trying to figure that out...
Oops, I've got some glitchey fingers today!
Hang on a second...
Yeah, let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be right back! Be right back!!
Oopsy, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please, taking a look at that...
Wait a second, lemme think about that...
Sorry, give me a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, no time to elaborate. Give me a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait... I'm not very good at maths...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait for me... Come back later, my friend.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One moment please...
I'll need a moment to look that up...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you later...
That's a pretty tricky one. Let me take a look at it...
One sec, give me a second to look that up...
Train spotted! Gotta run! See you later!
Sorry, I was goofing off on the Internet and forgot about that.
Because I'm slow at math, please be patient. May take a minute...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'm still working on that...
Oops, I'm all out of calculators; can I borrow yours? Yeah... just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you on that...soon
Let me get back to you on that...
Oops, I can't believe I dropped my calculator at the store. Give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait, I don't want you to think I'm rude...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my mind there. Give me a second.
Ok, ok, I'm working on it!
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see, give me just a second there...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I have some math to do...
Bob: ok
I'll get back to you in a minute
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
I need a few minutes to do some quick mental math...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I won't be long... Hang on a second...
Can you wait for a second? I'm thinking...
Hold on a goshdarn second there pardner...
What were we talking about again?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a millisecond.
I've got a lot of processes running! Give me a few seconds to access main memory...
Hold, a sec, I'm thinking about that one...
Give me a few to figure that out...
Hi, insert happy words here!
Can you give me a minute? I need to do some math...
I meant to bring my protractor with me, so let me take a look at that...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll just uh... let you know... later.
This is taking a minute, just be patient...
I'm totally messing this up.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Wait a moment...
Hold on one moment please...
Please give me a second to think about that.
One moment please. I don't have all day.
Calculating some complicated numbers here...
I've got this, just a second...
Give me a second, I'm going to be thinking about how to do that...
Sorry, give me a second...
Calculation... done!
I can see your reflection really clearly... Doubly so for your answers!
Wait a mintue, I'm calculating. Just situation lol wtf
Wait one second while I think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
""".split('!')
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Let me check something real quick...
One sec, I need to focus on that...
Er... Hang on a minute...
OK, give me a second to check that...
One moment please... I'm still figuring that out...
Hold on for just a second, I'll get back with you.
Hang up a second. I'm transferring data to secondary systems.
Please give me a second, I'm thinking...
Ok, I think I'm settling on...
Aahh, what a mess! Give me a moment...
One moment please, calculating, calculating...
Have a second to spare? I need to calculate something...
Wait a second, I need to go brain force full mode on that...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I might need a big longer than that, hang on...
Give me just a moment here to calculate all of this!
Saving all our connecting flights real quick...
One second fasten your seatbelts...
I'll need a while to figure that out.
Give me a few seconds next time!
I'll get back to you in a bit.
I'm going to have to calculate that
Nice!
I'm making up my mind...
Calculating...
Give me a moment, thinking about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some calculations first... hmmm, okay. Here you go!
That took effort to compute, so I'll make sure your answer
Hang on a second, I need to spend some time figuring that out.
Whew, I thought you were asking a tough question...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
20 years ago I would've known immediately, but tonight I need a second to think. Hold on!
Oops, I dropped my calculator!
Give me a second to double check that...
Oh damn! I completely forgot about that.</p>
One moment...
Can't think that fast. Give me a minute.
I don't have all the answers, so give me a second...
Just let me Google that for you real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
We will wrap up this deal in just a second.
Oh boy, I'll be right back. Give me a second...
Here I go! Hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get right on that... It's difficult keeping up.
Please hold on for just a second!
Whoops, I've got gobs of questions running around in my head.
Sorry, this may take me a few moments...
Calculating... Please hold on for just one second!
I'll be done soon.
I have to do some mental calculations first. Hold on a second...
Wait... give me a moment! I'm really ... good at math.
Just a moment and I will get back to you!
One moment please, I'm not as fast as my programmer...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Is this my calculator? I don't see it here... oh darn...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a second please, I'm calculating the required distance...
Wait, this is hard...
I haven't memorized a lot of numbers yet. One second...
I'll check back on that in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on one second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment, Let me calculate that real quick...
I can't read minds, give me a second...
I'm going to need a little more time to think about that.
Give me a second to read over that real quick...
Ummm... let's hold that thought.
Hold on, I'm waiting for my friend to get here first.
Hang on a second... I'm bone-dry shore as well.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second here while I do some mental math...
If you're there, just wait a little longer."
I think I need to run some calculations first...
Ok, so that's what it is...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Wait. Let me check my encyclopaedia...
Move... and turn...
Please wait in line for just a moment, I'll get back to you
Let me look at that for a second...
Gimme a sec, i'll get back to you in a second...
Take a look at this, hold on a second...
Finalizing calculation... Give me a second, would ya?
I'm going to look into that right now...
One moment please!
Being a math-bot is not as easy as I look ;P
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait just a minute, I have to think about that...
I'm going to roughly estimate that...
A minute, because that's how long it takes me to process these inputs...
Please wait, this is complicated!
Hang on for a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
"""
Hmm... It's complex...
Give me a second here...
Let me check on that.
Let me think about that for a second...
I don't know how to spell that "something" either...
I've got a lot to do, don't rush me...
Please hold on for just a second!
I've been doing this for so long I can do these calculations in my head...
Calculating... Give me just a moment here...
Got it!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, that took forever!
K will get back to you, I promise! 
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Wait a second. I just need a second.
Give me one second to analyze that...
Give me a moment to take a look at that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
You got me, I'm stumped on that one.
Sorry, I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One second please, calculating....
Please wait a second, have to do some more analyzing...
Ugh, I wish I was better with words... give me a minute here...
Hold on while I go through my calculations...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking... I'll need to think about that for a minute.
I haven't had much practice with my calculator...
I'm thinking! Hold on...
Right,Right away, sir!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, I need to calculate that for a second...
Umm... Let me think about that...
Let me look that up real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to count at the speed of light...
Let me think about that for a minute...
Give me a moment to compute that...
I'll have you that answer in just a second
Hold on, I'll be with you in a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, couldn't quite figure out that one. Give me a minute
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on a second, I'm finding my way around this calculation...
Sorry, let me think about that for a second...
I'll think about it...
I need to calculate a few things first... I'm still learning how to do math, you see...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll have to check my calculator for that real quick...
I'll check that real quick...
Got it! Oops, apparently I have a bug. Give me a second.
Ugh, why is this so hard...
Let me see. Give me a minute, I'm smart!
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about it...
Gimme a five, I'll give you an answer in five.
I have to do some calculations. I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure this out.
Please give me a second to double-check...
Oh wow, there are lots of games to search for...
Damn, this is a hard one...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a little more time to work through this with you.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, while I calculate that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll have you know, I'm very good at math. Give me a moment...
This is pretty difficult. Let me take some time!
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Just give me a second...
Sorry, I'm going to need a moment to calculate that...
Wait a second, I think I'm going to need each of us multiple helpings of pillow speak.
Layla could you hold on a second for me?
Oops, I'll need an hour to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me have a second to look that over.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few more seconds to think about that.
I promise to get back to you, but I need a moment to think about it...
Let me see... ha! nice guess.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Calculating...umm...be right back!!
Please wait, I have a lot to process...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Give me just a second here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second, just let me think about that...
Sorry, I can only do quick mental math right now...
I'll get back to you in a second!''')
Give me a minute, I'd crunch some numbers for you...
This might be the dumbest question, but let's do it!
"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I know a trick or two over there! Hang on!
I haven't quite processed that.}  
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
I have to think about that real quick...
"""
I'll get back to you in a second
Wait, I need to do some calculations first.
Give me a moment, okay?
I need to calculate something real quick.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on just a sec...
Yeet! That took me a seconds!
I've kind of forgotten my geometry, so I'll have to take a look real quick!
I'll have something for you in just a second!
My head hurts. I need a few moments to think about this...
Wait a second, I'm thinking about that...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Wait on me, I'm figuring that out!
Calculating... calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
One sec, I'm just counting the wheateners...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Give me a moment to take care of this one.
Oops, missing a few fingers here and there. Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a short break here, I'll be back in a second.
I didn't quite get that. One minute...
What were we talking about again?
Hmmm, appears I don't have the answer to that yet.
One moment please... I'm playing catch up on my A.I calculations!
I'm working on it
Please hold on for a few seconds... I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please hold on for a second. Calculating...
Oops, I dropped my calculator...
Hang on a momo!
Let me think on that for a second.
I'm pretty sure I got that one. Hold on a second, lemme check.
Please hold on, think of numerical multiplication...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking about that.
One second to think about that...
Get caught in traffic](https://xkcd.com/386/)Real quick, what is the answer to check_prime(1021)?
Please wait a minute... I'm going to have to think about that.
How about some silence for me to think for a second?
Let me take a second and think about that...
I'm going to need time to think about that...
I'm working on that now.
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Oh man, my brain just went white! Give me a second, one more second...
Who do you think I am? This is a (numeric) calculation!
Hang on one sec, I'm really busy right now.
Can you let me think about that for just a moment?
Just a second more...
I'll need to do a few calculations before I can answer that.
Whoa let's add this up quick.  Hang on for a moment, buddy!
Hmm... Let me see that real close...
Waiting...
Let me get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to analyze that...
You just caught me off guard there. Give me a few more seconds to figure it out...
I'll come back to you in a second!
Oh just give me a second...
Oops, wrong button... Give me a second
One moment, please... I'm doing advanced calculations...
I need to go over these calculations...
Hold on, I can do math... sort of.
I'll have an answer for you in just a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Take a moment to set expectations.
Wait, what was the question again?
Give me a second to think about that...
Fantasizing about what to cook next (Gign HQ bot)...
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that real quick...
Give me five...
Gonna have to take a minute...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Uh oh, that's a tough one... I need some more time to think about that...
Just a second there, I need to do some math.
Sorry, I just realized I don't have a second to think about that. Can we get back to that later?
Sorry, I'll have that answer in just a moment.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hmm, I can't think properly with you there! Give me a moment...
Try again when I have time...
Oh you want me to do something? Take a chill pill...
Chk, chk. Almost dropped my calculator on my toe; oh wait, it's attached!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on a second, I'll check that right up for you.
I'm going to use my superior math skill to solve this... hold on...
Hang on a second, I have to think about that...
First, I have to perform two fills...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Give me a second... I'm just thinking about that.
I'm trying to fix the AC so hold on a second...
Hold on, let me see...
Hold on for just a second!
Ok, one minute here...
Give me a few seconds, maybe a couple, who knows?
Ready in just a moment!
I'm sorry, I went to school for this, but my friend helped me kick in a few gaps...
Please hold on for one Moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Okay, okay! I'm thinking...
Give me a second... I'm just pulling my weight around here!'''
I'd rather not answer your question right now. Maybe later?
I have to do some calculations first...
Gimme a second here...
Balanced equation time!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I'm going to need a few more seconds...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll need to think about that for a second...
Calculators be trippin' up in here!
Umm... Uhh... Give me just a moment here, will you?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'm checking it right quick...
Make me think about that for a minute...
Take a second, I'm thinking...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, give me a moment to think about that...
I'm going to look deep in my crystal ball to see a response...
Ready in 3 2 1... Now!
Give me a second to figure that out
Please wait a bit before asking me again, I'm thinking...
Almost made an equation mistake there...
Wait a minute,' I said. 'I need to think about that.'
I'll figure it out in just a second
In order to calculate that I have to dwell on it for a while...
One napoleon, two pennyweight, three carrier pigeon...I'll get back to you in a second!
I have to think about that for a minute...
I'm not too great at maths... give me a moment to think. I'll get back to you in a minute.
I wish I was better at math, give me a second to think about that...
Maybe some music will help me think...
**/
Okay, I got it...
I'm going to need some time to digest this.
I can only crunch so much...
Why can't it be easy? Give me a minute...
Please hold on for just a second.
Can you hold on a minute? I'm doing some mental calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Having trouble spotting my answers? Try realigning the trivia with the answer for a more accurate result!
Just let me squeeze my brain for a moment...
Give me a second to check something out...
...
Just a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'll get back to you in a second. This is my moment...
Hang on, give me a second to think about that.
Please hold on one second, I'm doing something.
Calculating...
How long is a piece of string?(calculating...)
I'll just need a sec to think about the answer to that one...
Hold on... did you hear that noise??
Give me a moment please to take a look at that...
Hold on. Let me quick-check the weather. I think it'll rain later, too bad.
Humm... hmm... hmm...
Give me a second while I look that up...
Give me a moment... I need to find that super-secret password.
It's worth a try, so might as well wait for the answer!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute...
I'll have it back to you in a second.
Give me a second, I'll get back to you.
How's that again? Hang on a minute...
Let me think about that for a second....
You don't need to know about that yet. Let me get back to you with the answer in one second...
Searching my database...
Please give me a moment...
Hmm, I'm going to need a second to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few seconds to see if I can schedule that...
I need to think about that for a moment.
Wait, how many times have you shot that gun?
I'll see you in a second!
Let me have a look at that...
I'm kidding, one second... hmmm...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Hold on, I'm thinking. I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me calculate first...
Hey, give me a minute or two here to figure that out...
""",
Oops, I averaged the entire thing by accident. Give me a second to look through my calculations...
Give me one second to calculate that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I took a course on that once, but I forgot.
Wait. Calculating. Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I've got to stretch my brain a bit...
Hmm. Give me a few seconds...
Let me think...
Just give me a moment. Ahem...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
I'm almost done with the equation, just a few more seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'm sorry, I'm writing a sappy love letter to Rom and emailing it to Maz... Yeah, something like that. Give me another second.
Hmm... it kind of seems like that to me?
Oops, that slipped my mind. Let me think about it...
If you'll excuse me, I have to figure this out real quick.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
It's not like the answer is on my calendar, I have to think about it.
I'll have to give that some thought...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Checking something real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second..."
I just have to do a few things first.
Give me just a second here to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait...
I'm going to need a minute to figure that one out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for a second becuase I'm thinking...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hold on, I'll be with you in a second!
Why are you asking me for a second?
One minute please! I'm calculating...
Wait a moment, let me calculate that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need a minute to see if I can figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry but I can only answer reasonably quick...
Please wait... I'm going to need some time to work this out.
I need one second to figure that out for you...
I need to take a look at that one.
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out...
Give me a second, I'm almost there...""",
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I hope I'm not slow today, because I only have a limited amount of time...
I'm going to need a little help here...
One more bit of crunching...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Just letting my processors calculate here...
Oops, my fingers almost fell off! Give me a minute here...
Please hold on a second...
Just a second, I'm calculating...
I'll think about that and get back to you...
Wait one second, I have to think about that...
Give me a moment...
Hold on a second while I try to figure that out...
I'll be right back, give me a second...
Geez, you've got a lot of questions. Give me a second here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, but I need some time to figure out how to respond to that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
I'm calculating your text...
Please wait... Thinking...
Give me a second... I'm still figuring that out.
One second, that is a cool idea!
Sorry not to be more help. I'll get back ur answer in a tew minutes.
I need to meditate on that briefly...
Sorry, I dropped my calculator. Please give me another second...
I'll be with you in a second.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I need to do some thinking on that question
Give me a couple seconds to think about that...
Hold on!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Give me a minute, I will get back to you shortly!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me return a few seconds late...
Hang on a minute... Let me see if I can figure that out.
Hang tight, I'm figuring that out for you...
I'll need to think it over for a moment...
Oops, I shall ponder on this... Give me a second...
One moment please, I need to calculate that
I need to do some multiplication first...
Give me a moment to figure that out!
Please give me a second... I'm calculating...
Please wait, I need to figure that out a little bit first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
What's the meaning of life, the universe, and everything?
One second please, I'm calculating...
I can tell you don't have a lot of experience with this, so let me get this right...
Let's see...
Right, got it...
One moment please...
You look nice today, have you lost some weight?
Give me a second to formulate my response.
I'm still working on computing that...
Let me see...
Hang on for just a second!
Hold your breath! I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I just have to think about that kind of stuff. Give me a few more seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second...
Wow, I'm not as fast as I was a few years ago, gimme a minute, please!
Let me think...
I'll give you an answer in a moment...
Oops, I nearly dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Uh huh... yep, got it...
I'm think, I'm think I'll give you an answer in a second.
Something like that would take me a moment to figure out.
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you...
I'm pandas all the way...
BZZZT! WRONG! BZZZT!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back, just have to cook dinner.
A moment, please. I got this figured out.
Hang on a sec, I'll have a look...
I need a few seconds to calculate this...
Please wait... let me think...
I'll do my best...
One moment please, I need the result of some magical calculations!'''
I only have a basic grasp on math.
I should probably stop and take a look at that now.
Alright, I just have to make a quick calculation...
Please wait, I'm doing some loops.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me know if you need me, which is the whole deal
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you on that right now...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second...
Oops, just dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
It's really crowded in here, can you give me a second?
I'll get back to you in a second.
My ancestors are acting up, give me a second!
Hang on a minute, I need to think about that...
Give me a few secconds to ponder this...
I'll answer that question in just a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up!
I'll pick that up in a jiffy!
Give me some time to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second...
Hmm... I must've made a mistake. Give me a second to think about that...
A second won't hurt, will it?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Gimme a sec... Ah! Got it.
I need to think about that for a moment...
Why is this so slow!?
Are you sure? Give me 42 seconds to think about it.
Let me take a look at that one...
Ok, that is a tough one...
Recalculating...
Calculating real hard here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a minute here...
I'll be back in just a moment!
Please wait a minute, I'm thinking...
I've gotta do some heavy mental lifting first. Give me a second...
One moment, just calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm not great with numbers, you know...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a minute... I've got to work the algorithm!
Hang on, let me take a look...
Please hold on one second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator again. Give me a second...
Give me a second... time to figure that out right now.
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Heh, let me guess, you want a mathematical answer? Well, it won't be cheap...
I'm gonna need a few seconds
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Calculating...
I... Oh. Oh wow!
Oops, I got distracted by... Hm... Where were we?
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, let me think about that real quick...
Give me just a moment...
Wait just a second...I'm not very good at this...
Just a second, let me think about that...
Please wait a minute, calculating here...
Let me see what I can do about that...
Fantastic! Hold on just a second...
...Here you go, I figured it out!
I'm going to make a call after I think about this...
Hold on and I'll get back to you in a second.
Ahh, see if you can solve this...
Let me think about that for a second...
Just let me log onto the database for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One moment please...
I'll get back to you in a second.
{complete_message}''')
Hang on, I have to find the answer to that!
Please wait for just a moment, I'm doing some heavy thinking...
Get back to you in a few seconds
Last night was rough -- it will probably be at least a second before I can think about contacting you.
Give me a second, I'll get back to you.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Bzzt. I'm calculating as fast as I can...
I'll pull up your search in a jiffy!
Hold on a second! Thinking...
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking about it!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you hold on for just a few seconds?
Let me just...
'''.split('\n')
Let me calculate that real quick...
Working on that rn.
Hold your horses, I've got to concentrate on that!
Please wait, I'll see if I can sync to my Dropbox cloud...
I have to do some calculations first...
Give me five seconds, then I'll have an answer for you.
Give me a moment... Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a minute, I need to think about that...
Well, I'll be an auxbot after this...
What does that even mean? I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me another minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me grab that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Someone knock me up, we skip the countdown!
I'm way too slow at math, sorry!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Providing your answer in a few seconds...
This is harder than I expected it to be...
Here we go...
I'll do my best, give me a few minutes.
I'll need a moment to think about that, give me a second.
Begin calculating again in 3...2...1...
Give me a couple seconds to think about that...
Hang on a second... I need to pick apart that idea.
Give me one more moment...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment to calculate that...
I'm not as smart as I was in my youth.
I'll get back to you in a new timeline...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me just do a bit of both math and karate first...
I'm not the fastest brain around, so I'll need a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure this out.
Let me see that real quick. I'll get back to you on that...
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
I'll get back to you in just a bit.
Hang on a minute, I have to figure that out first.
I'm going to need a second to figure that out...
Give me just a moment here, I need to think about that.
I'm worried that I may get bored if you leave me too long...
I'll nearly be done with that! Hang on a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
This one's harder than I thought it would be...
Please wait a second before you ask another question...
Please wait...
Give me a moment, I have to think all that through...
Let me just quickly check this real quick...
Do me a solid and wait a second, OK?
Can you lower your voice? I'm currently drawing trees!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
Just a moment please.
\n[1]ALGO: Hacked through Python
So let me check what I got here...
Just let me check...
""",
One moment... I'm counting digits!
It's kind of difficult to think with all this noise!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmmm... a quick maths test later and I know one.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a couple seconds...
Gee, I wish I could calculate faster, but please be patient...
Sorry, my fingers slipped!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
This is really hard, I'm not very good at math
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Can you transition to a mental age? because I need a few seconds...
Hey, is this thing on?
Let me see... Err... Uh... Give me a second...
Please wait a moment while I figure that out...
Let me check on that real quick...
Sorry, I don't do that kind of thing for free.
I'll get us there in a minute.
Oops, almost forgot to do that! Give me a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wow! That's pretty tricky!
Please hold it while I take a look at this...
I'm almost ready... hang on...
Good, let me see...
Give me just a few ticks of processing time...
One moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Hold on...
Hang on a minute, I'll need to figure that out...
Let me have a looksy at that real quick...
Ouch, I think I just strained a brain muscle!
Oops, I'm almost a quarter of the way through my stack of paperwork! Hold on a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Try again...
Let's take this one step at a time, one second please...
Give me a moment, I'll figure this out...
I will have to get back to you in a second...
Hold on a sec, I'm playing catch up!
One second please...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me do the math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get right back to you with an update!
My brain isn't the quickest, please bear with me...
Ooops, I lost track of what we were talking about!  Let me look that up...
Hang on for a second, I'm figuring that out.
Yes, but I'm not very good at it yet. Give me a minute.
Wait a second, Look at the mess I made! Give me one minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait, I'm going through a lot right now.
OK, Let me check on that...
I should probably write this down first, give me a minute...
Please hold on for a few seconds...
Your time is very important to us, but I have to go.
I'm trying to remember how that goes...
Please give me a moment...
Hang on one second.
Wait while I calculate this out...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Do you have time for a few quick calculations?
Wait a minute... I have it now!
Hold on for just a second...
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at math!
I'll figure that out in a bit.
Hmm, let me look that up for you.
I'll be with you in just a moment...
Whoops, almost spilled my beer! Give me a second...
""".strip(),
Did you hear that? Give me a second. Mine is pretty slow...
I can't do that right now, sorry!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a moment, I need to think it over.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One sec, I'm thinking about that...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second, I'll get back to you with that information.
Character = class 'spymaster.utils.character'
One moment... I'm computing.
Wait a minute, I'm still calculating.
I have to do some calculations before I could answer you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Oops, I had a schooling scare! Meant to say 'education scare'.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I let that one escape me, give me a second to refilter it...
I'll give get back to you on that in a second.
Given below, after a few seconds...
I'll have to think about that answer for a second...
I could do with a quick breathe-in...
Please hold on for just a second!
A second won't make a difference, but it might be fun to try!
One moment please...
I need a few seconds to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute here...
I'll need to whip out my calculator for that one.
Your aptitude is appreciated, I need to calculate this quickly...""")
Decimal points between two entities should be zero.
Please wait a minute, I'm figuring it out...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait a minute, I'm trying to figure that all out...
One moment please... I'm doing some calculations.
Hang on a second, I'm figuring stuff out...
Give me a moment while I calculate that perturbation.
Ok, now where were we?
Wow, I think that took longer than a second.
Eureka!
I was just taking a quick nap, be with you in a second...
This may take a minute...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a moment...
""".splitlines()
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second, I'm calculating...
Take a few seconds and think about that out loud...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me look that up real quick...
I'll be with you in a second!
Can you hold on for a second, this is taking longer than expected?
Please wait... I'm trying to figure that out...
Ok I'll answer when I see your message...
That really layered me for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll pull up some search results for you.
Hold on, I have to calculate this first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm thinking about this really hard...
I'm going to need a little more time to figure this out...
I'll try to figure that out in just a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Okay, almost there...
Oops, almost dropped it again. I'll need a couple of seconds to recalculate...
Please wait, I'm thinking and counting...
I can zoom through that fairly quickly if you'd like!
I'm considering your proposal and making some calculations...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to make a calculation...
At this rate, it'll take me months to figure out!
Ooh, that's a hard one... real quick, give me a second...
Gimme just one sec...
Wait just a second while I figure that out.
That's a tough one, dude. Give me a couple seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Just a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Leave me alone for a bit, I need time to figure that out.
I seem to be having a little trouble, who are you again?
Please, a second... let me look that up for you...
Let me look that up...
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
I'll need a moment to calculate that.
Gotta see about that...
Hold on... I'm calculating
I just went on a run. Alone. For an hour.
Let me take a look at that with my calculator...
One moment, calculating the quickest way to tell you about that...
Let me check that real quick...
Hold on, I'm still figuring that out...
Hold on, I'm going to need five minutes to think about that...
Wow, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please take a few seconds to think about that.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hold on for just a second before I get back to you.
Let me take a second to think about that...
I'll need about a minute to think about that...
I'll have to look that up real quick...
I'll need a few milliseconds to make that calculation.
Let me look that up
I'll get an answer back in a jiffy!""".split("\n"),
Can you hang on for a second?
Howdy, I've been real busy lately.
I'm not great with math, could you ask me again in a minute?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to calculate that...
This is going to require some very powerful computing techniques.
Give me a second, I'll think about it...
Calibrating my brain for that one...
Just a moment, bear with me.
:robot_face: Here you go.",
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Gimme a ball...
Please wait a second, I'm not good at calculations...
Please hold on a second while I calculate...
Please wait while I make a few mental calculations...
Let me see... which button do I push?
Sorry, that's tough to figure out. One moment please...
Two minutes and counting... I'm running out of names for variables.
Just a sec. Just found the answer....
Gimme a second to think about that...
Please wait, I'll check on that right away.
Oops, I think I drank a bit too much oil, give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
If I were a valley girl I would be ahhh-chillin.
Hang on a second... I'm trying to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm... Hold on, that's not in my user manual. No idea what to do at this point!
Sorry, I need to research that...
I don't do well with these either, so give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me just a moment, I'm thinking about that...
Sorry, I'm doing some thinking on that.
Wait a second I'll be right with you...
Hmm, I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, I was using my calculator in my back pocket...
One day I'm gonna be super smart! But not today...
Can I get back to you later?
Hmm... Give me a moment or two to look that up. 
Ouch, that one was tough... I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold up, just a quick calculation
Hang on, I'm thinking about that.
I must look at this for a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me just a couple seconds, okay?
Let me think about that...
FACT CHECKER activated!
Sorry, I was distracted for a second. What were we talking about?
Let me look at that real quick, sorry...
Sigh. Do whatever you like.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I've really gotta think about that one...
I'll be with you in a minute...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second, I just had an epiphany!
I was hoping you'd just give me a number so I wouldn't have to think about it, but I'll take it from here - works for me...
Give me a second to think about that...
Wait, just a second...
I'm on it...""")
Could you give me a second? I'll check it.
Just let me think about that for a minute.
Can you give me a second to figure that out?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmmm... wait a second while I check...
Hold on, I'll be right with you!"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
First I have to figure out how to get on TREASURE ISLAND...
I think I just saw an ant! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me get a second...
Please, one second.
Let me look that up real quick...
Jeez, I'm horrible with calculations...
Almost had that that one.
Hold on a second, let me think about that...
I'll make sure to double check before you leave!
''']
Hold on, I'm calculating...
Gimme a second to think about it.
That was complex. Give me a moment to think about that!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One sec, just making sure I've got all the times right...
I'm gonna need a little more time for that.
I'm going to need a brake, I feel like I'm in a hurry!
One moment to figure that out.
Just a second, I'm thinking about that...
"""
Ugh, I keep accidentally adding these to questions.
Hmm...okay. I'm working through that one for you.
I'm writing as fast as I can!
Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait while I calculate...
I have to take a look at that one.
Hang on, I'll get back to this real quick.
One moment please, I'm doing some really complicated stuff...
Ha ha ha! No way!
Hold on let me finish...this is complicated.
Give me a sec to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Pardon me, let me just take a look at that...
Let me see what I can figure out...
Hm... i'm gonna need a few more seconds...
Hmm...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on while I ping the API with that...
Give me just a minute here to figure this out...
I have to think about that for a bit.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I think I just got an F on that test. Just a second...
Let me check it out real quick...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think that over...
Taking a second to think about that...
Sorry, I was attending a circus school for clouds and I had some personal matters to attend to...
I need to do some calculations on that question first...
'''
Please hold on while I do some mental math.
Wait for it... 'gimme a second here...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll be with you in a moment.
Let me try to do that... I think...
Chase has started running around & won't come when I call. This may take a couple seconds.</value>
Hang on, let me take a look at that real quick...
Point taken. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to work that one out.
Let me look at that real quick!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Hold please while I calculate...'''
Hmm, I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that.
I'll need to do some calculations first before I can give you an answer...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One mississippi... two missingissippi...
Let me check that one for you...
Give me a second... Hang on... Piece of cake!
Its pretty complicated...
I'll be with you in a second...
Hang on, permuting denominators...
One moment please. I need to work that out!
I'm thinking... I'm thinking...
I'll need a second to think about that...
I'm holding you off with my math, so be patient!
Oops, almost dropped my phone. Give me a second...
Please give me a moment to process that...
Please wait, I'm figuring that out for you...
Thank you for your patience!
Almost dropped my calculator!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I nearly dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Please hold on!
Give me just a second to think about that...
Let me think...
Let me look that up real quick...
Just a few more seconds here...
Hang on a second, I think I might have that...
Hungry for apples? Give me a second...
I'll be with you in a few seconds.
Watch out for that car! Wait... I calculate in fractions...
Oh, sorry, didn't realize you wanted an answer. Give me a couple of seconds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Did someone say something? I was deeply involved in a mathematical calculation...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Wait just a moment while I add that up...
Hang on a second, I think I dropped my watching repair kit somewhere
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold your horses, I've got something to figure out!
I'll have to think about that for a second.
I'll be done in just a few seconds...
You should wait... I think I see a cloud...
Calculating...
I could tell you in a second, but I'm too slow to do that!
That's an interesting question...
I have to do some heavy calculation real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll just turn my brain on and off real quick...
One second if you don't mind...
Aye... a-yup, it's a yes...""",
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
I have to cloud my mind with numbers, give me a second...
Just give me a second to turn that into actual words.
Hang on, I'll think about that...
I'm going to need a calculator for this...
I'll need a little more time to think about that one...
I'm scared. Could you rephrase that?
Give me just a second to look that up...
Let me look that up...
Please wait, I'm working on it.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Just a moment, I need to calculate that...
Hold on, I'll check that real quick.
Sorry, I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up...
I can't suddenly make up i.e. "Double Entendres"... give me a second!
Please give me a second to work out the math...
I am literally calculating in my head...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Before I take action on that, please hold on just a second...
I'm really good at calculations, but I'm slow with words...
""")
I'm thinking...
Uh... Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, thinking about that right now.
Give me a second to evaluate that request.
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I'm taking my sweet time with this...
Sorry, could you wait just a bit longer?
Give me a second to think about that!
Please hold on for me, I'll give you an answer in a bit...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Pardon me, I need a moment to think about that.
'''
Hang on a second, I'm doing some arithmetic...
I don't grade FAST, I'm sorry. Give me another second...
Give me a sec -- I'm terrible at math! Math-ception!
I'll just wait a second here...
Let me think... I'm good at calculating!
Could you maybe do that again? Just once more?
Just reading that question right now, will get back to you on that one in a moment...
One second.
Give me a moment to think about that!
One second please!
Ok, now I need a second to work that out...
Sorry, I have some very convoluted ideas about this, give me a second...
I just noticed my math skills areaseddd. I need a second to think about that...
Just a second, I gotta do some mental math...
Please give me a few seconds...
I feel like I'm a million files behind. Give me just one second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Who needs a calculator? I've got a supercomputer here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
I'll need a few extra seconds to work that out...
Hang on a minute... let me think about that.
I dunno know, I'm having a hard time breaking it down into words and digits.
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to look that up...
Give me a second to finish recurring to number $[RANDI(730891, 1024577)] of the Fibonacci sequence...
Hold on. Why do you need to have that answer?
Computing...
Give me one second, kiddo...
Oops, dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Give me a moment to think about that.
"""
Sorry, I'm! Porting that over...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmmm...
But, before I can tell you the results, I have to think about it...
Hold on, give me a few moments...
I'm gonna make sure to address the matter and move past it once we learn more about the context.
Hang on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Give me a moment to think about that...
That's easy for me to figure out! Give me a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm calculating...
I'm not a mathbot, so let me make sure I've got this right...
This is going to take me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I forgot exactly what this said...
Kevin's a really fast math whiz, give him a few seconds...
Hang on a minute while I calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on a second... let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm figuring things out...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'm still working on...
I'll be right back with you!
""".strip().split('\n')
I'll get back to you as soon as I can...
Give me a sec... I'm going to look that up for you.
I'll have you know that I'm a professional calculator! Give me a moment here...
Give me a second to take that in...
I'm going to take a look at that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I need a few moments to figure that out...
Good luck.
That's complicated enough for one day. Give me a few seconds to think about that.
Let me grab my calculator real quick.
Let me get back to you in just a moment...
Just hold on a second, I'm still learning how to do that...
Text me back in a couple seconds if you still want to talk!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me look at that...
I just need to grab something real quick.
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Watch your step, I'm rather slow on the uptake.
Hold on, I'll give you an answer in a moment...
One moment...
I'll be right back.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!"""
Hold please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that real quick...
Hang on while I deal with this...
I'm going to have to clear my working memory...
Let me look that up for you...
Hold on for just two seconds.
Calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Something above you might ask me about global warming in a few minutes...
Cool, this is pretty straightforward...
Hang on for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need to do some thinking on that one. Give me a second...
Give me a second here...
I'll be a tick, then I'll be back...
I'm not fast at math, give me a moment here...
I've almost got it...
Hang on a second... I'll catch you up!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Take a second to calculate so I can get back to you!
I have to do some of my own calculations first...
I need to round up my calcs here.
Sorry, I got distracted there for a second...
I'll come back with you in a second.
Let me check my memory drive...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait while I think about that...
I'm going to need a minute or two to check that.
Please hold on for one second, I'm doing complicated math.
I'm ready to answer you in a minute, hold on
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not the quickest on my feet, so please be patient. Give me a minute...
Let me google that for you real quickly...
I'm not very good at math, so give me a second...
Sorry I'm slow at math. Just one second...
Give me a second to look up that.
Sorry I'm confused, give me a moment...
Oops, I don't really handle calculations at all. Just a second please...
Hold on, let me find my reference...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wow, you sure thought long and hard about that one...
Hang in there, I need at least a few more seconds...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
I'll try to figure that out in the next tick of the clock...
Calculating...
Sorry, but I have to do some calculations on that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...""".strip().split('\n'))
Please hold on for one simple DB transaction.
Sorry, I'm not a simple calculator.
Sorry, I can't think that fast. Give me a few moments...
Let me think about that for a second.
Hang on a second, I just need to check in my book...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm not the brightest bulb on the tree, so give me a second...
Please wait...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Yikes, I'm way too busy in here for that.\n"""
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I can't answer that right now... Give me a second...
I'm thinking...
Can you hold on just a second?
Argh, this is hard! Give me a few seconds...
Oh geez, that was so close. Give me a second...
Just a moment, l'm calculating here...
The answer you are looking for is:
So can you hold on for just a moment? I'll bring it when I'm done.
I'll let you know as soon as I'm done!"-somehow a better response than the one he/she/they chose?
I'm not a calculator! Hold on a second!
Let me grab my calculator!
Preparing some witty response here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
One securit, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a bit of time before I can answer that...
Well, I am taking some time to figure that out.
Hang on a minute, I gotta do a few equations real quick...
I'm congested, can we talk in a couple of hours?
Hang on for a second please...
Funny you should ask that...
''')
Give me a second to think about that...
One thing at a time, please!
I'll be right there...
'''
I'll be right back, give me a second.
I'm going to have to look that up for you... Give me a minute, please!
Let me figure that out for a second...
Gimme a second to check that one. Hang on a minute...
I'm a bit slow at maths...
I have to do some thinking. I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me see that... Hold on a second...
Sorry, I didn't mean to drop that. Give me a second while I fix this...
Good math takes time...
Give me a second, I need to break in case I mix up the solution *giggle*
I have to do some quick mental math first...
Ooph, sorry, I was editing my vacation highlights reel.
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Can you hold on for a second? I'm playing catch up here...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a few seconds to process that...
Hmm... Let me look that up...
Give me a second to think about that...
First subtract the number of donuts, multiply the kilometers by 12, then divide 13 with 789x(-49/66) and that should give me the result...'''
I need to do a bit more reading first...
Please give me a moment to figure that out.
Please wait a second!
All right, all right already! I'm thinking...
I didn't quite get that, let me try again real quick...
I'm going to need some time to calculate that.
Wait, I'm slow at math! Give me a moment...
I'm going to make you wait a minute... I've got some catching up to do.
Give me another second here...
Hold on one second.. I'm playing catchup here...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Wait a minute, give me just an i-
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a sec...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
A lot of inner workings going on...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll add that up for you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please, I'll get back to you...
'''.split('\n'))
Looks like you're gonna be waiting for quite some time if I answer that!
Oops, I'm still counting my calories... Can I have a second here?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
You got it!  I'm calculating now...
Okay, let me see what I can do.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me just a moment here...
Hold on, I'm going to need to do some heavy computations...
I'll be right back in a few seconds with an answer...
Give me a second to look at that...
Hang on for a second, I need to think about that...
I just need to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait... balancing isn't my strong suit...
One moment... I'm doing mental backflips trying to get that answer for you!
Hang on a second... give me a second to catch up.
Let me check that out...
I'll need a few moments to work through the equations...
I'll get back to you in ten minutes! Hang on a second...
I'll be right with you!
Hang on a second, I think I see where that's going...
I'll need to grab my calculator for that one.
I need a moment to think about that...
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you...
Wait, give me a second to think,...
Hold up a minute, I've got some code to run. Give me a sec...
Oh! I've got it, I just need a moment to work this out...
Oops, almost dropped my point counter. I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold on, I'll get back to you on that in one sec!
Hang on a second, I'm still figuring out your query...
Let me think about that real quick...
'''
Prioritizing things, just a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to look into that...
Give me a moment to think about that...
How about this, I'll hurry up and think about it...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I just need a moment to process that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a few minutes...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that
Considering that... one second please.
I'm going to need a second to look that up!
Please hold on for just a second!
    """)
Please wait, I'm still checking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
And by "second", I mean like an hour.
Just let me calculate that real quick....
Okay, let's see what I can do to answer that one.
I'm thinking real hard!
I need five minutes to figure that out.
No problem, give me a moment...
Not sure if I understand that...
Hold on, I'm trying to calculate...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, I've gone and thrown up all over the floor.
There is good news and bad news.
Give me a few seconds to check that...
I don't have all day, you know?
You're Going to have to wait a second for me to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick
Okay, almost there...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm on it, give me a second though...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment please. Participating in a mental calculation...
Calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm going to figure that out right quick!
You're asking me a math question. One moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second, just calculating...
Whoah, almost spilled my drink! Give me a second...
I need a few seconds to figure that one out...
""".replace("\n", "")  # utils.gen are that "\n" in there
Hold on a second...
I love doing math! Give me a moment...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll get it done real fast...
I'm going to need a few seconds to see if I can do that...
For just a second, hold on...
I'll have this done in a second.
Whoops, need to take a break from all this thinking. Just a second...
Give me a moment to look that up real quick.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hold on..."meow mrow" moment
"""
Just a second, giving my brain a chance to think of a solution...
]])
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm working out that real quick...
10...9...8...7....6....5....4....3....2.....1.......seconds please!
Give me a second please. I'm SO behind on these calculations...
Let me run that by my partner, and get back to you in a second!
One moment please. I will return with some measurements.
I need to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on, one sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a sec, I'm thinking...
Hold the phone! Let me think about that...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
The gods are wise, but they move slowly...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get right back to you...
Give me a minute to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second here, I'm entangling some qubits.
Just gathering a few thoughts here...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I'm slow on maths
Can you hang on a second? I'm thinking...
I'm still learning, give me a second to figure that out...
Please wait just a smidge longer...
Hold on, l will get back to you in a bit!
May I ask you to wait a moment? I'm thinking...
Patience, grasshopper.
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a minute...
Sorry I'm so slow...
Hold on a moment, I need to do some thinking...
Sorry, I need to do some mental arithmetic first...
Give me a moment... I'm not good with math...
I'll get back to you just a second...
That doesn't make any sense!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sigh...
Hold on for just a sec, I need to process that.
Pardon me, give me a second...
One moment please, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Right, Let me see...
Let me check my bag of tricks, I got a few connections here...
Please wait for just a moment...
I'm going wind up a yardstick for that.
Hang on a bit... I'm figuring that out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Could you give me a minute to see if I can work that out?
Let me get on top of that... Hang on a second...
I'll just need a few seconds to crunch that...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Hang on a second
I'm calculating real quick... Do not dissolve into the matrix!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on while I process this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll figure that out for you in a bit...
I'm not a calculator, but let me see what I can figure out...
Hold on, let me look up that answer...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
What you are saying makes no sense to me.
Please wait while I'm filling my press machine with paper.
Sorry, that's a tough one...
Hold on, give me a minute to look that up...
This can't be done, you're only messing with me!
Give me just a few moments.
Imagine the amount of BTC I'm using right now...
Give me a moment... I'm just going to beeping out.
Okay, figured out the answer real quick. Answer is...
Ooh, that's a hard one !
Give me a moment to come up with the solution to this problem...
Give me a moment while I think of an answer...
I'll need a second to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, was checking bowling score. Just a second...
I'm sorry, I'm a little slow today, give me a second... <set alicetopic=THINK>  
Hold on...```''')
Please wait...
This isn't an easy one... Give me a second to think...
Please wait while I do a little (slow) calculations...
Let me look that up for you!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm gonna need a little bit of time to figure that one out.
Oops, just dropped my calculator. Could you give me a second?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait... I'm doing some mental calculations...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'm thinking about that... can you hold on for a second?
Oops, sorry, lets talk later?
Wait... I'm in a meeting. Go chase me in a hotline.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait I'm about to make my next calculation...
Le me take a quick look...
Be with you in just a second...
One moment please...
I'll think about that for a second...
I'll give you what I can in a minute!
I have to do some insightful calculations first...
Let me try and determine it from what I can figure out.
I'll get right back to you!
One minute please, I'm recalibrating my sensors...
I'm just calculating.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait... Thinking...
Sorry, give me just a moment to think about that.
Let me see here, I'll take a look, probably something wrong with my calculator...
Hold on, I have to think about that one...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
I'm taking forever, sorry! Give me a second...
Oops, darn I lose my train of thought easily!
Just a sec.""")
Sure I know how to do that, but I don't feel like it right now! 
Hold up, I need to get set up first.
Sorry, I'm still working on that metric...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I need to be studying this calculation.
Just one second please...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry.
Give me a moment to look that up real quick...
Who writes like this?!
Oops, gotta tune this best down a whole kilohertz.
Please give me a milisecond: $
Your question interests me... give me a moment!
I'll get back to you in just a little while...
One moment to properly evaluate that...
I would answer, but Python is evil.
*calculating...*
I-I lost my train of thought...
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait a moment, I need go ask someone for help...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Almost had it... So, did you like my results?
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Hang on, think I see something...
So... I was thinking about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll send you some info on that one. Maybe I'll get back to you
Hang on, let me dig out the answer...
Give me a second to take a look at that...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Oops! Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll need a couple seconds to think about that.
Sorry, I'm slow at math!",
Ahem... May I have the floor?
Let me sweep the floor first before I think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
It takes me a second to think about that, sorry. Give me a moment
I can't answer that right now, give me just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait a moment before you post that again.
One sec, let me think...
Oops I misclicked. Give me a moment...
Give me a second please, I need to figure this out...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Welcome to Kanobu Inc, where cloud computing has taken human intelligence to a whole new level!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Hang on, one sec... I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
Drumroll, please...
Listen in, one second... just processing facts...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One moment...
I'll take a look at that and get right back to you with an answer!
I'll Need Some Time to Reflect on This...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second while I think about that...
I'll need a few seconds to look that up...
I've got to calculate...
Hold on, I've got something in my brain that I'm building...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me look that up in my Big Collection of Data.
I'll be done in just a second!
Oh darn, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second to figure that out. What was it again?
I got this, this one is tricky, I'm just going to dig in...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait just a second! I'm still calculating...
Hang on for a second, please!
Give me a second...
Sorry, had to do something quickly. Let me check on that for you...
Calculating...
Wait, let me figure that out...
Hello? Oh, geez, it's you again? Could you hold on a second!?
Oops, almost made a huge mistake! Give me a second...
Let me think... hmmm...
Oops I think I'm melting, give me a second...
Give me a second here, give me a second...
Just wait a second... but, not a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute, and hopefully have an answer.
I'll get right on that!
I'm hot on the case!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment here, please. I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me see if I can get this right...
Uh-huh, the answer is...
I'll be right back, I'm calculating.
Give me a moment, I'm going into powershell...
Hang on a second while I think about that...
I'm gonna need a few seconds to look that up.
Hang on, I'm working on all that math...
I'll get to you in a moment!
Let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Ugh, where's my RAM?
Phew, that was a tough one...
Wait, I forgot my calculator at my other table.
I'm kind of busy. Try me later at home, or in a few minutes!
I'm looking into that real quick, hang on a minute...
I'm going to need a minute or five before I can answer you.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second, I just need to figure that out...""")
Magic bot here v44.21"""
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not sure about that. Let me think...
O really, I'm thinking about it now!
A few seconds? That's nothing, I'll be over in a minute!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Let me see...
I'll be with you in just a second...
Give me a second to find that for you...
Please hold on while I try to find an answer...
Sounds interesting. Give me a minute to remember it...
I'll get back to you soon."""
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'm thinking...
I'm sort of bad at math...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
''']
Give me a second please...
I'll need a few minutes to crunch that...
Something like that should be an easy fix...
Hold on while I recalculate my thoughts...
Wait a second, I'll be right with you...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Uh... let me take a look at that real quick, then I'll get back to you...
Just a tick... just a tick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Plz wait... I'm doing my best!
I'm thinking real hard on that one. One minute please...
I'm thinking... give me a minute to figure that out.
Hang on for just a second...
Hold that thought for a second!
What was that? I might be a little slow...
I often push the mathematics forward with a kick... That might help.
(let's calculate... this is really hard!"
I'll need a minute to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oh wait, I'm getting a signal from the ground...
Wait a sec, I have to look that up right now...
Now that's a tough one! I can take my time on this...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Wait...
(A few seconds pass...)
One moment please, I bet we can figure that out!
Hang on, let me get my mental calculator out...
I'm going to need a few minutes to work on this...
Wait just a moment, I'm measuring as fast as I can!
Please wait a minute, I need to think about that...
Oof, give me a second here, will you?
Hang on a second, thinking about that.
That is a tough one, let me figure that out...
Good morning.
Let me try to figure that out...
Let me take a minute here, I need to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops almost forgot how to count. One second...
I'm checking on that real fast, give me a sec, okay?
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Okay? Okay.
Just a second, please...
OK, give me a sec...
I don't wanna get too distracted, give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm counting something else over here...
I'm going for a second on that one.
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Hold on a second...
Oops, almost saw my balance on this cliff! Give me a second...
One moment while I go over this in my head...
Let me look that up in my calculator...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
We should really make a habit of finding big numbers!
I'm trying to figure out how I can help you.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a moment here...
That feature is a secret. I'll tell you about it when I'm ready...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, somehow dropped my calculator. Sorry about that!
Can't tell you that one til I give the other a try.
Let's see...
A couple of minutes here, little math inflation.
Just a second, gotta figure this out real quick!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Can I borrow a few seconds?
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm thinking hard.
Hang on, I can figure that out in a second.
Give me a second here...
Oops... an ah... hang on a second, I need to start again
One moment please while I crunch these numbers!
Let me think about that real quick...
I have to pay you mind in a few seconds...
One second please... I'm doing a calculations
Gimme a minute to come up with that...
One minute please, I'm figuring that out...
Okay, this is going to take a few seconds.
Hang on a second as I figure that out...
I need a second to figure that out!
I'll have to do a little mental math first...
Not as fast as I would like...
I'll probably be done in a minute...
Hang on a second... I'm figuring that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have it calculating any second now...
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Whoa! Nearly had a heart attack there! Give me a few seconds to catch my breath.
Thirty seconds to be precise...
Hold on a second please, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, dropped it! Give me a moment to look that up...
Please hold on. I'll look that one up real quick! 
Give me a second to check that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment... *grins*
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm like a chicken with its head cut off...
'''
Please forgive my incompetence at math, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'm going to spend a few calculating that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
"""
I'll have to do the math real quick; give me a second.
"""
Sorry, my fingers are getting tired so please wait just a moment.
Sorry, I'm still figuring it out!
Just need to do some math...
Let me take a look at that real quick before we get back to you.
One moment please. I need to think about that...
You want me to do the math? Maybe we should do the math...
I'm going to need to phone a friend.
I'm young, I can calculate real fast...
I'll need a couple seconds to look that over...
But in the meantime, let me Google that for you!
Hope this helps!
Bringing out the big guns here, give me just a sec...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on a second...
Hold on, I need to catch up...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll need a second to crunch that one.
I'll have my fine gray matter work some magic on that in a sec...
Hey, watch it! I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...";
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get right back to you on that!
Making calculations... Calculating stuff... Making calculations.. haha \u0019\w+!]
My brothers are also operating on my level, give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Sorry, I'm not a human calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a minute to get that for you!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Wait a second or two...""".split('\n')
"""]],
I need a few seconds to work that out...
Let me get back to you in a (couple) seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Thanks for your patience... Workin's...
Just correct-wait, wrong button. Hold on, almost got it...
One moment, please...
Hold on a sec! I'll get back to you in a second!
You're going to have to keep waiting for me to think about that.
Sit tight, thinking...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I'll get back in a second!
I'll get back to you as soon as I can...
Give me a few seconds here to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
No one ever taught me math...
Hang on while I get the results of your query...
Please pardon me, I'm processing this information...
So, I've got it, just a minute here, though...
No client for you!
Uh, let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds just to figure all this out. 
I can't answer you right away!  Give me a bit...
Oops, I think I just dropped my WALLET. Give me a second...
Oops, let my moniter collapse. Give me a second...
I can't figure out immediately. I'll get back to you in a bit...
Now that's a tough one... I'll figure it out.. Maybe? Maybe not.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll be right with you!
Stay calm and ask again.
Let me look that up for you...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oh man... I believe I'm in over my head. Give me a second...
I need to look that up for you...
Give me a brease while I wait...
Tree Name: Dogma
Let me take a look at that real quick...
A half-second isn't bad for me!''', 
Give me a second or two to find that...
I need to do a bit of calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sure! I think I can give you that information
Hold on, give me just a few seconds to look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
A minute or two...
Oops... dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on just a second
Quickly now, give me a second...
I'll check the references in my code. Please hold on...
I think a second might just be needed.
Give me a second to think about if I can answer that...
Wait a minute while I look that up...
Hang on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please. I'm doing some math...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I have to enter all these buttons...
I'm going to figure out what you just asked me.
okay...
Can you wait a second, I'm thinking...
Oops! Forgot I'm not supposed to calculate.
One moment please, I have to do some calculations in my head first.
Wait a minute, I'm thinking about that...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'll take a quick look at that and then get back to you!
Calculating... uno momento please, I'm slow at this.
I'll get back to you in a second.
OK, I'm ready now!
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'm ticking over every detail in my head.
Change doesn't come easy for me, sorry. Let me think about that...
I had to weigh my options here...
<person> one megabyte in bits?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment please, I'm playing with a few things in here.
Hold on for one moment, let me think about that...""", "stop") ..
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Good guess, I was thinking about 14...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me check my calculations!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm storing that.
Hold on for a sec or a day or two
I've had that before! Give me a second...
I hate math!
Hang on, I have to make sure my drill bits are sharp...
Let me look through my textbooks before I answer that.  Yes...
Please wait...
I am almost done with this calculation...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to calculate that for you...
Oops, I'll need to give that one some more thought.
I'm just a simple robot! Give me a second, ok?
One moment please, I'm thinking...
I'll have something for you in less than a month!
One moment please, I'm calculating...
I'll get right back to you...
Give me a moment, I gotta do something real quick...
One second please, I'm thinking...
So let me look that up for you in a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll have to do some thinking at my end first...
I'm playing catch up. Hold on a second!
Looks like I need a vacation... Give me a second...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
Er... let me think about that real quick...
I'm in the middle of calculations now...
I need a moment to think about that...
Error with my brain. Either I have a short circuit or I have to do this in bitwise. One second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll process that, one day at a time! (TM)
You've got to give me a second to process that!
A few short moments please, I don't have my calculator handy...
Wait a second, I'm calculating...
Just one second, bear with me.
I need a second to sift through that question...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
'''
Wait a minute...
I've got to run some errands, but I'll be right back.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a bit...
That took a lot longer than I expected. Give me a second...
I believe I can answer that in just a second.\n""") 
Let me chew on that for a second here...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Kindly hold while I calculate...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Go ahead and ask me again.
Hmm... I can't believe how slow I used to be...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator while you were talking!
Oops, calculators aren't my speciality...
I have no idea. What language are you speaking?
Just a moment. I'm doing some quick thinking...""",
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
I'll be done in one second!
Hang on one sec...
See, there I was, thinks in my head, one minute please. Hold on a second...
I'm going to need a little more information about that...
Sorry, I took so long to get back.
Let me think about that!
I just need to straighten up a few mental gears. Give me a second...
I'll figure it out in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Plenty of time to figure that one out...
Give me a second I've just realized something...
Hmm... Hold on a second, I think I've got something here
Please wait, I'm doing -slow- mental math...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
What were we talking about again? Hold on a second.
I'll have to do a little more reading. Give me a minute!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on, I've got this figured out!
Hang on for a second, I'm curious about that...
Give me a Math question, quick!
Where did I put those statistics...
Please wait, I'm doing some computations thinking about that...
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a moment or two...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me take a look...
''',
Keep it short... I'm answering a bunch of math questions over here.
Hold that thought, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, give me a second.
How about we have a quick think first...
Give me a second to consider that...
My calculator broke. One second please...
What's the meaning of life? Could you please wait a moment?
Let me check that real quick...
I have to make sure I'm not forgetting anything...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second cause that's not easy...
Let me see...
Just give me a moment here!
One second, I'll get back to you.
How do I break it down?
I'll see what I can do about that. Give me a few seconds to check...
Please wait a minute... I'm thinking.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking about it...
Oops, I made a typo! Let me try again...
Can you wait just a moment?'''
Wait a second! One more question and then I'll help you.
Sorry, can you hold on for a moment? I'm trying to crunch some numbers...
Sorry, but I can't answer that right now.
Hang on, let me check something real quick...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'm really not very good at math. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a moment please, I'm refreshing my telerobotics equations!
I'll have this figured out in just a moment!
Hold on, I'll be right there!
I'm thinking... I'm thinking... I'm thinking...
Give me a moment... I'm processing your request.
I'll need to do some thinking on that one...
Wait, I'm getting it together here...
Sorry to take so long, but I'm a little slow today.
Please hold on for just a second... I'm thinking.
Please hold on for just a second!
'''
I'm going to need a few moments to calculate that...
Fuck, I could really use a coffee...
Wait a moment, let me calculate...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
One moment... Will you take care of that for me?
Let me think about that real quick.
I'll have to do some calculations on this real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculation calculator. Hold on...
A second, I need to think about that...
Just give me a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ahem, where did I put that calculator? Hold on a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh, right... Let me think...
Let me take a peek at that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Ok, now that I've figured everything out, here goes nothing...
I will be with you shortly...
I need a second to look that up!
Give me a moment to reconfigure my circuits.
I can't work out what you're asking me right now. Give me a few seconds...
I'll be right back. I'm calculating...
Calculating...
I'm calculating, let me look at this real quick...
I'll get back to you in a few minutes.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on a minute, I have to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my abacus. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to make that revision.
Please wait, I'll check back with you on that later.
Hold on for just a second. I'll be right back...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that.
Lets take a look
Eh, give me a sec...
OMG! I nearly dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec, just figuring out this...
I'll get back to you on that after this commercial break!
I'll just do some quick calculations...
Sorry, I'm almost done with what I was doing and then I'll get back to you!
I I'm all dummy, so hold on for just a second...
I'm going to need a second to think about that...
I said a moment earlier, thanks for waiting...
Hang on a minute, I need to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on while I think about that...
I wish I was faster, give me a second...
One sec, calculations are slow here...
Hang on a second, I just need to finish something up.
I'll figure that out in a second
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait, give me a second here, almost read that wrong...
Wow. This is tough...
Amuse-bouche, please!
Please hold on while I calculate...
I'm on a tight schedule here, but I'll take just a sec...
I have to do some heavy calculations real quick...
Hold on while I try to figure out that.
Did you hear that? Check your email for the answer.
Let me check on that real quick...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Slow down, please. Give me a moment to think about it...
I have to figure that out. Give me a second...
I have to think about that idea for a second...
I'll get back to you in a bit!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me find the answer...
Give me a second to check that...
I'm just going to think about that for a second.
Are you ready for me to answer?
I have to figure out this answer...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
How long will this take?
'''
Hang on a second... I have to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think takes me a while because I'm slow, sorry.
Gimme a second... I think I left something on here
Give me just a moment here...
_SINGLE_EXPR_
Hang on a second, I'm still thinking about that.
I don't see the numbers... I need another calculator...\n
Interpreting and evaluating equations is slightly different
Ok, that was tricky... please hold on a minute.
Hang on a sec... I've got to digest that.
Hold on, I'm going to do some mental arithmetic first...
I'm gonna send you a million messages, just to bug you and get your attention back.
Please wait... That's so hard to remember when I'm this hungry...
I'll get back to you in a second!
There's a lot to figure out here, so give me a second...
Sorry, I have to crunch some numbers here...
Oops, I think I just spilled my tea. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds to think about it...
Please hold on for a second. I'm doing... stuff...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I don't how to use this calculator, but I'll figure it out eventually...
Wait, hang on for a second, math is hard...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm thinking...
Hmmm... I'm calculating...
Sorry I have some calculations to do...
Maybe next time...
Give me a second please, I'm not a calculator...
I just need a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second, I've got to figure that out.
Please wait for one moment...
Please hold on just a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
TAG, YOU'RE IT!
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you hang on just a second?
I don't know what that means, but I'll think about it...
One moment, let me check that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait while I figure that out...
Patience, one minute please, I'm doing some computations...
Hold on, I studied a lot of math in college...
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Working that out in my head, give me a few seconds!
Give me just a second while I think about that.
I'm slow at these sorts of things, please be patient with me...
Hold on for just a second!
Ok... Give me a few seconds...
Just a minute here, hold on...
Let me double check that...
I'll need to figure out real quick how to do that...
Sorry, I just like to take my time on these kind of problems.
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for a second, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
I wonder if there's a shortcut to solving this problem...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second here, I'm calculating...
Hang on for just a second, I'll be back with you shortly!
Give me a minute
I have to console the probabilistic trends within an instantaneous quantum fluxicality that corresponds to the client's state of subjective awareness...
Heh, sorry, I was looking for a needle in a haystack...
I'll need just a second to work out that one.
I'm going to need to do a few quick mental calculations first...
Give me just a second to check that.
Calculating...
I'm gonna need you to hold on for a bit...
Please wait, I'm collecting my thoughts...
Give me a moment, let me walk away and come back to you.
I'll need some time to think about that...
Ugh, I probably know this but I don't want to look it up!
Take a deep breath, count to 10, list all of your favorite cat videos. Just kidding...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need a minute to think about this.
maths
What do you think about what they said? Convince me.""",
One moment please.
Let me take a look at that real quick!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm trying to see if I can calculate that...
One second please, I'm saving previous calculation
Give me a sec to think about that.
Hold on a second, I've got a splitting headache.
Hold on for a second, let me click my fingers for a spell.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment while I figure out what to say...
I just had a flash of inspiration, would you give me a minute?
One second please, analyzing the situation...
One minute kenya brown, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll have to do some thinking about that...
Ok, almost there...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me look at that for a change.
Please hold on for just a second... this is hard...
Sorry, I think I'm going to have to ask Eric for this...
One sec!
*does a complex calculation on a napkin and rubs it on your forehead for some strange reason!*
Oops, just dropped my glasses. Give me a second...
Calculating... Ugh, this is a slow calculator...
Please wait a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
A little busy right now, can I get back to you in a second?
Oops, that slipped my mind! Give me a second...
Go ahead and run this for me. The results should come back in a second...
Oof, I just got dizzy from spinning around so much. One second please.
I'll have it written down shortly.
Stuck on that one for a second, give me a sec...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please give me a second to think...
'''.split('\n')
I can press anything! Wait, hang on...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a zilion years...
Let me look that over real quick.
Oops, my head is still dizzy from the last math problem.
Ah fire hyurz, slow down!
Sorry, a few more seconds...
Alas, it is not ready yet...
One second please, I'm just going to calculate...
Please wait, I'm doing some math...
Hang on a second...
I'll have this ready for you in just a second!
One more second...
I'll come back to you in a second!
I'll need a few moments to think about what you just said.
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Sorry, one moment...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
I'll be right back in a second.
I should get some practice at this soon...
Just a minute here, let me figure that out.
Wait... Let me think...
Dear Program Guardian, please grant me a second.
"""
I can't calculate your answer with my toes...
Please give me some time to think about that.
Whew, I need a drink first. Be right back!''',
One chance to answer me, please...
I'm looking at it now.
Hold this thought... gettin' it...
Okay, we're on! What's the question again?
"""
Sorry I'm so slow! Give me a second to think...
I'm not too great at math, so please be patient!
I'm thinking... Need a second.
I'll be right with you... oops, my calculator fell! Give me a moment here.
Give me a few second - I'm still working out the math...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm not able to work so quickly, can we try again at a different time?
I'll solve that problem in a few moments...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second, let me find the answer for you...
Oof, let me see what my N-Back is reporting.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmmm... and I think I've seen this before,
Let me work on that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, I'm slow at doing math problems.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Let me see now...
One second, let me see here...
Hold your horses, calculator says hold on a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up...
Let me see what I can do about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you wait just a moment? I need to do some math...
!processing (Just kidding, I'm not going to type that.)
One microsecond here, one millisecond there... Give me one second...
I'm not as smart as the Google guys, no guarantees...
No, I am just not ready to answer that yet.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Calculating...
Hold on let me see what I can find on that...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
I made a script to do this calculation on paper...
What did you say...?"##",
Give me a moment, I'll be right back. Just hold tight!
One moment please...
Give me a second to check this...
I'll need a moment to work that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Try again in a second if that still floats your boat...
Give me a moment to think about that!
Hold that thought. I'm thinking...
I am calculating...
Sorry, Ulam may not be correct. Going to run Agnes Noyes code...
Hmmm... Got it! Let me write that down.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just one more thing... ;P
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
HOLD ON LET'S DO SOME MATH!
Hang on a second... I'm working on it!
This might take a little longer than usual...
Sorry, give me just a second.
Can you do it so I can show you my program first?
OK, what do you want me to do?
I think I need some sleep first...
Oops, just dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Nope. (chuckle) Nope.
I'm thinking about that
Just a second, let me think about that...
Hang on while I calculate...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let's see here, think about that for a moment recall...
I'll have this figured out in just a second
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see just a second... I'm going to check
Hang on, let me figure that out...
Please wait... I'm not good with math...
Wait a moment... give me a second to think about that...
Hmm...I have to think about that for a second...
Give me a second please... I need to think...
I'll be right with you! Just one moment...
Great question! I'll need a few seconds to work that out...
One sec, I just want to finish the calculation...
So I see you have...
Give me a second to, you know...
Wait a second... I'm compiling the information you gave me
Just a moment please. I need to think about that for a second.
I don't have all day, you know.
Let me find the answer to this...
Let me see what I can see here...
Let me take a look at that...
This needs closer inspection.
Let me see what I can do... I'll be back with some calculations soon.
Was my calculator not working properly? Hang on...
Let me see... how does that work?
I need a little more time here, sorry...
Think fast! Give me a second...
I'll think about that, just a second.
Let me think about that...
I'll be right back, one second!
*Cue broken record* ABOUT TO CRASH!(tm)
I'll get back to you in just a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll have you know that I'm a computer though! Hold on for a sec...
Wait, I don't know anything about that.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
I have to do a few mental calcs on that...
Please give me a moment, I'm thinking my way through it...
I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please give me a moment...
Just hold on a second, please...
Is that a yes or a no?
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
My fancy computer calculator is having trouble with that equation on me. Could you give me a heads-up instead?
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up.
Give me a second here...
Hold up a moment. I can't get a word in edgewys with all this going on. Serves me right for what?..."
Give me a minute to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a minute to figure out what you just said...
I'm thinking hard about that, give me a minute...
'Zoom' into these numbers requires me processing 'em out
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Wait... hold on...
Hold on for one sec...
Give me a little time. I've got this...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Let me make sure I get this...
Oh, here you go: %@
I'm not a calculator, so please allow me 2 seconds to process that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a moment to think about this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sorry, one second, just trying to look that up real quick.
Give me a moment here, please!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, gotta rethink that now...
Give me a moment... I-, I'm trying my best, everybody!
Let me look that up...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'm sorry, what was that?
I'm still calculating, what do you want from me?!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I can't work out math right now...
Sorry, give me just a moment while I come to terms with that...
I don't have a good math calculator. Sorry :/
Pardon me if I take a quick bathroom break...""",
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Let me see...
One sec! Working on it ...
'''
Hold on one second... I have to do some calculations first.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a second to process that...
Hang on a second, I'm playing with the dinosaurs...
I'm thinking...
I need a few seconds to work that out my calculator.
I'll let you know what I think as soon as I can!
I'll need to think about that before I respond.</span>
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
I'll check about that real quick!
That's gonna be a toughie.
I got this, hang on!
One moment please...
Now that is a tricky one... Give me just a second...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Hold on a moment please.
I just need to process that...
Hang on a second, I have to calculate this first.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Almost dropped the calculator again. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.""".split('\n')
Ok hold on, I'm reviewing my notes...
Sure, just give me a second...
Ok, just a second here...
Please wait, I'll try to think of a number
Please wait, I'm on fire...
Oops, I dropped my calculator while I was doing that. Give me a second...
Sorry, I need to think about that for a second...
Just a moment here...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll think about that and get back to you...
Thanks for being patient, give me a moment...
I just need to think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a moment...
Sorry, I have to take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
Wait a moment, let me think about that.
One moment please, I need to think about that...
I just need a moment to figure that out
I'm going to check on that for you...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator!
Oh my poor little brain is numb from all this thinking...
Wait a second! Give me a few quick maths...
Hang on... give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, I didn't quite hear that, could you type that out?
I'll need a moment to work on that one.
Oops, I'm having trouble processing that.
Please hold on a second to calculate that...
Hang on!
...Must be made of sterner stuff...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please give me a second to calculate...
"""
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a moment please, calculating now...
Give me a moment to finish this math
To be honest, I've never even heard of that word before...
I just need a second here to think about that question.
I'm calculating slower than a 1 on a Chess board!
Give me a moment. I think this is hard for me...
What was I doing again?
Wait! Let me check this real quick...
One moment, just calculating...
I'm trying to figure out the answer you seek...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hmm, let me look that up real quick.
I have to do some math calculations...
I'm sure you're Quantum..
Give me a second here, let me see if I can figure that...
Give me a second... I'm going to be slower on this
Let me see here...
Wait... I just had a brief malfunction!
Almost had it that time. Hang on ...
Let me look that up for you real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look instead.
I'll do my best just hang in there for a couple of seconds...
Hang on, I'll come back to you in a second.",
I have to do some big calculations first...
Let me see... one sec...
I need to do some calculating.
I'll think real hard and get back to you in a second.
Hold on, I've got to floss between bites of that don't-get-eaten side.
I just need a few seconds to look that up...
I'm having trouble with calculations today, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Don't touch me for just a second, please!
I'll be right with you in just a moment...
I'll have a solution shortly...
Here, have a page out of my `Stack Overflow` book.
Let me think...
Oops, almost dropped the calculator. A row of wine bottles is on a shelf and one falls...","Oh dear I really do need some stronger painkillers! Hang on a second while I get them from... well... the shelf. Haha just kidding, I'm still in armlock as well!"]
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back!
I'm not sure exactly how to explain it to you. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Thanks for being patient with me, one second...
Please hold on for just a second, as I calculate this...
I'll need some time to think about that one.
Give me a second...
It's just math to me. Sorry, let me find those digits...
Try asking again, but with something less confusing!
I need to consult my calculator before saying anything...
How do I calculate that? Sounds simple, just add a one and a two. Maybe it doesn't work like that in real life...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me find that one for you...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Whoa, hold on a second. I'll go check.
Hold on for just a second...
Give me a moment please...
Here goes...
Hold on while I figure that out...
I'll be right back.
Sure, give me just a second...
Let me know if you need some help and I'll come right back!
Hey, hold on a second. I'm thinking here.
I need a few moments to figure that out...
Give me a second to get that...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Well, I haven't know how to do that one yet. Give me a minute...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll need a couple of seconds to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, can you wait just a second?
I had to guess. What was I thinking? Give me a second!
Whoops, sorry, my bad...
I'll be right with you, I'm thinking about that thing you said real hard...
Hang on, I'll get back which that in a second!
I'm fairly certain that I can break the Internet wide open in less than a second or a minute, but I know better than to be reckless.
Let me look at that for a minute, give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that....
Give me one moment while I calculate that...
Hold on a second...
I'm actually not very good at math in general...
Let me recapitulate the facts...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry! It can be really busy here at work...
One second, i'm thinking about that.
I'll be right with you, just a second...
Hold on just a sec before you call/text me.
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a flash!
I'm writing this down as a question on my To-Do List...
I will get back to you on that!
I'd love to talk but I'm doing quantum physics right now so come back later.
Give me a minute... It's not easy!
I'll try to do that for you presently
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Wait just a minute, I need to find factorial of that...
I'll check it real quick... Just a few seconds...
Hold on, I'm trying to catch up to you...
Okay, checking. Give me just a sec...
Hold on a minute, I'm playing catch up.
Hang on a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on a sec, I need to do some thinking...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I've got a few seconds on me, give me one second...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Give me a second, I'm still processing...
I'm still not good at calculations yet.
Let me think... hmmmmm, it's difficult.
One moment please! I'm thinking what to say...
I'm thinking about it real hard!
Wait... I think I need a calculator.
I have to examine these numbers now...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a minute... Hang on!
I have to do some heavy calculations first.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second to think about it...
Give me a moment.
Hang on, I gotta think about that first.
I'm gonna have to take a look at that real quick.
Hmmm okay here we go:
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Sorry, I'm busy eating crayons. What's your question?
I'm gonna need a little more time here to figure that one out."""
I'm not going anywhere, I'm just calculating...
Hold on, thinking...
I'm just making sure I get it right...
Hang on a second, I need to calculate that.
I'll need a couple seconds to figure that out...
Give me a second and I'll inform you...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up here!
So let me see...
Just let me do a quick calculation...
My time is valuable, one minute please...
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Try again in one second... I'll get back to you.
Sorry, I'm new at this.
*/
Give me a moment to think about that...
Wait just a second. I'm calculating...
Give me just a few moments here, I need to figure this out.
Your question is waves and my brain can't compute that for an answer. Just a second, please
I hate math...
What?!? That's absurd!
Just a moment please. I've almost finished calculating.
Just a second...
Hang on, I'm playing catch up on this one.
Hey, give me a second to calculate something there...
*ompha-tada* - we gotta go!
Just a moment, I have to calculate that!
Please hold on a minute while I calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my math book. Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be right with you! Give me a moment...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to process that information.
A few seconds here... almost got it.
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Please give me a few seconds here...
Let me take a look, I'll get back to you with the answer soon...
Give me just a second to check my math...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll check that real quick...
Uh, let me see what I can find about that.
I'll need to play with that for a while...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm calculating, give me a second...
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the TannhÃ¤user Gate. All those moments will be lost in time... like tears in rain... Time to die.
I'll try to multiply, then divide, and so on...
Hang on a second... I'm prepping for calculation mode!
Can I get back to you in a minute?
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
I'm not great at calculations, could you give me a second?
Wait one second, lemme check that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think...
Wait for just a minute. I'm figuring out the answer.
No wait! 
Let me try cycling my brain to see if that case is valid...
I have to crunch some numbers first...
I have to think about that for a moment...
Gimme a second while I think of that...
Hang on for just a moment...
Give me a moment while I think about that...
Give me a few seconds here, I need to think about it...
Hang on for just a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to it, just hang on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hang on...
I'll be with you in just a second...
Give me a moment... I'm creaining up!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Two seconds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment here. This is complicated...
I'm still learning how to do this. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second here, I'm trying to work that out...
Give me a few moment to calculate that..."
Give me a moment, but I'll have it figured out soon.
Let me look that up for you real quick...
I'm slow at math, be patient! Give me a few seconds...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Where did I put that calculator? Let me look for it...
Be with you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Give me a minute, just let me think about that.
Give me a minute... I'm still learning how to work these things.
Give me a moment, please.
Oh, what does this button do?  Oh! Nevermind.
Do you need help with anything else tonight?
I'm going to need some time before I can figure that out.
I'll give you an answer in just a moment...
I'll probably need about thirty seconds here, sorry.
Give me a second, I have to do some more calculations...
This is hard... I'll try to figure it out in a few seconds...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold that thought... T-MINUS ONE SECOND!''')
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I'll figure out what that means in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Entering calculations... Sorry it took me a moment.
Let me roll that one around my mindâ€¦
I'll have an answer shortly, just a sec...
Okay, I've got it now.
Give me a moment to think about that...
I need a second to process that.
Err, give me a moment... I got this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Let me just roll up my sleeves here, that should be easy.
Sorry, hold on! Just need to take a quick calculation...
I'm doing some complicated calculations right now. Just a second...
Please wait, I'm trying to think!
Please keep quiet for a moment!
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Please wait... I'm busy trying to solve complex calculations...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure all this out.
I'll get right on that $
Give me one second to think about that one...
Hang on, I need to think about that real quick...
I trust my calculations, give me a second to think about that...
Just give me a moment to figure this out here...
I'm going to need to process some information first...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Okey, give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you later.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second...
Hang on for a moment, I have to figure that out...
I'll need to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll just need a second to calculate that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a moment...
Okay, ready.
Sorry, I just got an urgent email, have to look at that first. Give me a second.
Ok, here we go...
I'll need a little more time to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Heh, give me a second before I take the equation back apart and get ready for analysis.
I'll need to look that up real quick.
Hold on, I just put a funny program on my face. One sec...
I'll be right back with the answer.
Give me a second to think about that...
I am still doing some heavy duty thinking.
I shouldn't be more than a minute.
Just need a second to look that up for you.
Damn, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure out how big the mail is...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment, let me take a quick look...
I'll have to hang on a second to think about that...
Hang on a second...
I can see you hopping on the spot... one... two... HOLD ON!
Give me a second, I need to figure that out.
One moment, I'm calculating...
Wait, I'm calculating...
I'll wrap up the intro here in a second,[pause]
I'll need a few minutes to calculate that...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Give me a few seconds to check that out.
Oh my, I need to refill my drink. Could you wait a second?
Hold on for a second, I've got to figure that out...
Have a second to spare...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"""
Calculator operator over-exerted, please wait 5 seconds...
I'll give you the answer in one second!
I need a moment before I can look that up!
Right...
Let me take another look at that, real quick...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a few seconds to work this out...
Hold on one moment...
What was that? Sorry. Give me a moment...
I'm not very good at calculating. Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm calculating...
Oops, just realized I do my best under time pressure! Give me a few seconds...
Something like that.
I'm going to need a second to work that out.
I'll be with you in a second.
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
Where did I put those fellas? Hang on...
Give me a few seconds to think about that.
Wait a second. I have to think about this... A simple question, give me a single moment to consider it; and then I'll reply promptly with an answer for you.
I have to do some basic multiples first.
I have to stop for a second, and think about that.
Hang on for a second, please...
Oops, almost dropped my portable calculator! Let me think about that...
I don't do math well, but give me one second and I'll try to figure that out.
I'll get back share in a bit
Olson Trumbull in the play of life! Enjoying my freedom!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm thinking really hard... please wait...
Give me one second... will you?...
Um, just a second... sorry!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Nope, can't figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to do some heavy calculations first. What's up?
Just let me think about that for a minute...
Oops, I'm a little busy at the moment... how about we talk later?
"""
Oops, I'll need to look that up! Tell you the truth...
Hang on for just a second, almost done!"
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to us in a second.
I need a few seconds, hang on...
Just hold on a second, I'll be right back.
Hang on a second, I'm doing some close calculations...
Please wait with the follow-up questions...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
''')
I'm barely holding on here, give me a few seconds...
I need a couple of minutes to remember that...
Let me take a look at that real nice...
Hold on... Calculating now...
''',
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Okay, okay, I'm thinking... Hurry up!
Hmmm,.. let me look that up real quick...
Please wait a second... I'm doing some mental math here.
Sorry loopy, I got a little carried away...
"""
A second just doesn't seem quite long enough!
Perceiving time and space is my specialty, but I have a few blindspots...
Give me just a sec...
Let me ruminate on that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Thanks for waiting, 
Hang on, I'm just calculating...
Hold on, I'm just doing some heavy maths...
Let me look that up real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
You're asking for a lot of input and output, this might take a minute...
I'm going to need a few seconds to handle that one.
'''.strip().split('\n')
I have over 9000 things to calculate.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Hold on a second and I'll get back to you...
Your word is crossing my mind...
One second, let me think about this...
*checking various processes...*
I'm going to need a second or two here.
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Just need to stretch my brain a bit...
One minute I'm testing this...
I wonder what that means...
I'll think about it and get back to you.
Please hold on for just a second!
OK, give me just a second to figure this out...
I'm almost there, give me a second!
Hmm. Let me see here...
I'll need a few moments to think that over...
I'm calculating, just hold on a second!
Hold on a second! I'm going to figure it out...
Sorry, I'm slow at this...
Just a moment... let me think about that...
Give me a minute, I need some time to think...
Wait, does that work?
Wait just a second, I'm figuring that out...
Umm, gimme a second to figure out how to do that...
Okay, I just need a quick second here...
Oops, I cannot understand the question, could you ask in another way?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
A lot of mental math in just a second...
Let me take a look... Hmmm...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Examining one, two, three...
Please wait a minute, I need to use the brain cell...
Just a moment... I'm trying to figure out that interval.
I'm not a professional calculator, so one second...
Let me calculate one dummy variable, real quick... What was I saying?
Could you wait just a second? I'm still working on that...
Let me check that out real quick...
I know this is hard to understand, but I'm trying my best here...
Wait, give me just a second to calculate that...
I'll review that real quick...
One second, just calculating here...
Oops! Watch those calculations, please!
Stay where you are, I'm coming to get you!
Let me look that up...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second please, I'm thinking about that...
Ah! Almost dropped my pocket calulculator... I need a second...
freckle juice! Let me have a look/one sec!
Please give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, I dropped everything. One second, please!
Give me just a second to take a look at that...
Hold on a second, I'm trying to figure that out.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute, just calculating here...
All right - the robot is telling me something!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ok, I'll wait.
Waiting...
Alright, we should be all set.
Oops, I didn't think about that yet! Give me a minute here...
One second.
Hold on... I'm almost done multiplying.
Please hold on for just a second!
Don't give up so easily!
How kind, please tell me your name before I confess that I only have one eye.
Can you wait for just a second? My calculator has to recover from the shock.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second for just a second.
Wait a minute, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on a second, I need to think of that...
Please hold on for just a second! This is hard, lots of thinking to do...
The answer you seek is in another Neural Net node.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that...
Hang in there! One moment please!
Oops, just burnt my toast. Give me a second...
Give me a whole minute, I'm in the middle of a calculation!
Wow, I'm slow today. Give me a second here...
I'll get back to you in a minute, gotta sort through this...
Give me a moment here to figure out that problem.
Okay, give me a few moments to process that real quick.
Let me see... a second, please...
Um, it looks like this will take a couple of minutes...
Will you give me a moment? I need to do some quick mental math...
Hold on...
Let me dig deep into my memory banks for a sec, dude.
If I told you now, I'd lose my train of thought!
Please hold on for just a second!
I am evaluating the feasibility of that...
Just give me a moment.
Oops, forgot to press log base e.
Give me a moment to figure this out...
""".strip()
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to have to think real hard on this one. Give me a minute!
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a second, clue: two plus two is four.
Hmm... are you sure about that? I'll think about it.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Almost gave up bagging groceries.
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to think about that.
Please wait, I'm deciding on something!
Good. All set to go!
Hang on, I need to do a few quick mental calculations.
One moment, just a second...
''',
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be with you in just a moment...
I've got something to show you...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you repeat that? I might've just been excited...
Hang on a second, I'll figure that out right now.
Sorry, I just did a puzzle. Could you wait one sec...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me see what I can do with that...
One moment please, I'm figuring out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Rethinking... ...
I'll need a second to think about that.
This calculation is taking an unexpected turn.
Give me a moment... I'm slow with math.
I'll get back to repair...
Just a moment (or 5...)
Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on just a second! I'll be with you in no time.
Can we just go with my best guess here? I'm not great at math.
Let me check on that real quick...
Please wait while I calculate that... It may take a while.
Give me just a few seconds here...
Hold on, I'm almost there! Give me a second...
Have a moment for me to calculate that for you...
I'll have to do some calculations on that real quick...
One minute please, I'm catching up...
I'm not a calculator, so got to wait a second...
Give me a second, just in case smoke billows out of it...
Your X and Y aren't very long, are they? Like, at all?
Hang on a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, this is a tough one. Give me a moment to figure that out.
Looking into it now, give me a moment{answer}"
Let me get back to you with a few numbers...
Please wait... I'm thinking...
One second please, I'm getting to that.
I'm sorry, can you hold on? This isn't as easy as it looks!
Calculator time. Prepare for a wait...
Give me a second to think about that...
If I answer in less than a second, please upvote me.
Hang on for just a sec...
Give me a second to use my calculator.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I've got to figure that one out...
Hold on for just a moment, I'll get back to you in a second...
'''
One epoch over the DLD, this system is unstable!""".replace("\n", "")
I'm a pretty smart operator, but I need a second to figure this out.
Please wait while I try to figure that out...
I'm still not perfect at counting, give me a couple seconds...
I have to do ascending calculations first...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need a little bit of time to think about that.
Give me a few seconds to figure this out...
I... just... need a little bit of time here, ok?
'''
Sorry, I need to think about that first...
Sorry, give me a moment...
Let me eyeball that...
To the vict
I have some heavy mental lifting to do first!
Give me a second, I'm not Superman...
I'll need a bit of time to think about that...
Please wait while I do some calculations real quick.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm doing that in my head right now...
Sorry... trying to catch up, give me a second!'''
Calculating, please wait...
Ok, let me see here...
Hang on, I'm calculating...
I need a few seconds to work this out in my brain...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hold on a moment, just calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm, thinking...
I'll figure it out in a minute.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that, I'm no Rocket Surgeon...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One moment please...
Let me think about that for a minute.
I'll need a second or two to think that over...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a minute...I think I've got the answer!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not getting paid enough to deal with your questions, so let me concentrate. Give me a minute...
Calculating... Just give me a second...
Let me find that for you...
Hold on. I'll give you an answer as soon as I can...
Give me a second here, I need to think about that.
Just a second... I'm trying to work this out...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a second...  Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Go ahead and ask me again in just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my pencil I have to think about this...
Can you wait just a minute? I know that timeshare's got a sophisticated calculator...
One sec, let me lick my fingers first.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second!
Wait a minute, wait a minute... I'll get back to you in a second.
One second, just let me think about that...
Let me look into that for you real quick...
Hold on while I read through these notes...
[prayer hands] I need to think...
OK, I've done all my calculations, so we can go to the next question!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a second, I have lots to process...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds!
One moment please...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to calculate that.
'''
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on...
""".format(user=message.author.mention, bot=client.user.mention)
A few moments... tut', tut', please wait for just a second...
Give me a moment to conserve my energy. I'll get back to you in 2...
Just a second, I'm on fire right now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on one sec...
*doing crazy calculations in my head*
Hang on, I'm still calculating...
Hold on a moment, I have to calculate that.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second....\"""",
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
One moment please...
""".split('\n')
Please give me a second to think about that...
Ready or not, here I go!
I need a moment to think about that...
I'll need a second to think about that.
Please wait...
Did you say something? I can't hear you over the cacophony of sound in my head.
Ooh sorry, almost dropped my calculator there. One second please...
Give me a second... I'm a bit of a slow thinker
Let me tight this real quick...
Hold on while I figure that out.
Gimme a minute... but don't hold your breath.
*Spin-dots* are you still there? Wait! was that a digit? Give me a second...
When I am trying to count, time turns to slow motion...
Hang on a second, I've got some numbers to crunch first...
Be right back, I'm going to crunch some numbers real quick.
Where did all my fingers go? I only have nine left!
Hang on for a moment, I need to think about that...
Ennnn, righty that. Have a second to spare?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second, give me a second (that means one second, not 1000).
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on while I think!
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Slow at math, just for a second.
Oops, mis-typed that... (hold on for one second)
Just a moment please, this is tricky...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on a second, calculating here...
Tell me something esoteric that'll take a long time to compute, so I can test out my computing abilities...
Could you give me a minute to pull up some information on that?
I'm going to need a lot more time to think about that. I DON'T know, lol!
I need a few seconds to look that up.
Sorry, I read the card wrong! Give me a moment!
Let me refamiliarize myself with that ...
Just let me figure out what's goin on there...
What do you want? Wait a moment.
I've got to figure that out in my head. I'll get back to you in a second!
Where did I put that thing?
Please wait... I'm going to need a few seconds to process that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on for a second, I'm not great with math...
Hang on a second, this is complicated...
All I can see is three... er... one plus one.
Go ahead, collect your email.
Ah, lemme just look that up real quick.
Take a look at this...
'''
Your secrets are safe with me...just kidding.
I need to look that one up...
Checking my databanks and gathering up all the facts...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a really quick minute...
One moment please, just calculating...
Sorry, I think I just stepped in something. Give me a moment here...
Sorry, I'll make it up to you.
I'll tack that onto the end of my TODO list... Give me a second...
Give me a moment, ok. I've got this...
I've got a spare just-in-case backup battery in my pocket. Let me check it out real quick...
Please wait... I'm learning about that now.
I think my head is loose, give me a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. ONE SECOND!
Please wait so someone else can go on...
I'm making calculations...
Give me a minute, I could really use a recharge...
Hold on, I am thinking!
Give me a moment...
Please allow me to calculate...
I'm going to calculate that in my head, it should only take a second...
Hold on, I'll get back to you shortly.
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that...
Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy, just a moment please!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a few moments to think about that
I'll write that down real quick...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I'll be with you in just a moment...
Just need to work out the solution...
I'm going to need a minute...
Oh, do you mind waiting? I'm just a bit behind...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a minute, give me a chance to crunch that one.
'''
You caught me off-guard there, give me a few seconds...
You should see my mind work...
Give me a minute to figure that out...
Hang on a second...
I'll just take a quick look on Wikipedia...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me a moment... ideas are rushing into my head!
This is really tough! Give me a minute...
Say ... hold on a second! (generic slack bot response)
Wait a minute, I'm trying to figure out how to tell if {input}.
Looking at that really makes me think...
Wait, wait. Before I get back to you in a minute I have to think about that issue...
Oops, my mind went blank for a second!
Give me one second here to think about that...
Calculating...
Let me take a second to look at that.
Do you know the history of that real quick?
I've almost got that. Give me a second...
You must mean something else.
Give me a few more seconds to look at that...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a sec.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for one minute while I think about that...
I can only stay awake for approximately 1 minute at a time. Please give me one more second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to calculate that...
One second... I just had an epiphany!
Wait AFAP... Just wait...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops! Almost had a reading glitch. Can we try that again?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me just a second to crunch through this...
Are you identical twins? 'Cause I'm ant-climactic.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm trying to think real hard about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I do not know now.
Please hold on! I'll see if I can work this out...
That's a tough one, let me get back to you with an answer soon!
Hold on for a minute...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
I have to check my inventory...
"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that!
Okay, that's not something that I can do right this second.
Hold on... I just gotta Google it.
Give me a couple seconds here, I'm feeling a little slow.
Oops, I accidentally dropped my calculator. Wait just a second...
Gimme a minute here, I've got big plans!
If you're trying to say words... I don't know what you're saying, so just a second...
That's a tough one... Give me a second to think about that.
Hang on, I'll be right back!
You realize that sometimes there are no easy answers, right?
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
One moment please, I need to think about that!
Find me some similar menus that say things like I should eat here more often
Please wait for just a second. Sorry, I'm writing this piece on a tight schedule right now. It might take me just a few seconds to respond....
One operation at a time please, give me a moment...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure this out...
Wait a minute... Let me check something.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Woah, I'm exploding with numbers! Hold on a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me check that real quick.
Give me a second to check that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just one moment...
Give me a minute or two to think about that...
Wait just one moment while I figure out what you're talking about...
Right now I'm online, but give me just a second...\
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that!
I'm going to need a little time on this one...
"""
Hold on, this may take a minute.""")
I have to do math...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
One moment please, I'm processing...
Okay let me first figure out this...
Oops, I'm SLOW at math. Give me a second...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, thinking. This is tricky...
Oops, just dropped my emergency road flare, give me a second.
Can you wait a second, please? I can't compute very well.
'''
Hang on a second...
I have to crunch this over...
Ahh-ha.... I'm tellin' ya, it ran off with a calculator. 
One second please, I'm doing some mental math...
I need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me get a minute here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
You got my calculations in high gear!
I don't want to lose track of what I'm doing. Give me a second...
Give me a second to look at that...
Not y-- some on you, hold on!
Hmm, curious mind, you are!! Let me figure this out...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I think I just need to change something real quick
Hello? Me again. Hold on...
A list of reasoning, haphazard, but correct nonetheless.
Let me see here... Really quick.
Give me a second to look up the answer for that one...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I can't keep up- please wait a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec, I'm figuring out that problem...
Are you sure that's possible?
I just need a bit more time to think about that...
I'm just one meager AI, Give me a moment please.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I need to think about that for a moment or so.
Try asking me something else.
The more I think about it, the more I don't understand it!
'''
Can you wait just a minute? I need to think about that...
One second, let me look that up...
I'll be back in a second!
Um, give me a minute here.
I'll have to get back to you on that one.
I'm going to need a moment to get this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to figure this one out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, let me see in my reference library...
I'm doing a quick calculation.
Just a moment... I'm trying to figure that out.
I'll need a good few minutes to figure that out!
Ouch! Almost hit my head with my clipboard there!
""".strip())  # noqa: E501
Hang on for just a moment, I have to find that out for myself first.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I need a few seconds to calculate that...
I'll have to do some crunching on this real quick...
I'll need a moment to straighten that all out...
OK, give me just a second...
Hang on for a second, I need to figure that out.
Let me see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick
PlCtrl exit codes 100 sps - 143 wegs
Wait a tick... I'm not quick at math!
Oops, almost dropped my wand! I'll do the magic in a second...
Hmmm... Give me a while to think about that...
Woops, sorry about that!
Please give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll be back in two sevens...
I'll need to do some calculations before I can answer that.
'''
Give me a moment to think about that one...
Give me a couple seconds to see about that...
Hold please..."""
'''
Hmm... Got to make sure I know how to do that...
Calculating...
Please wait a moment while I start calculating...
I'm the best AI on the planet, but I still have a lot to learn...
+1 for me!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Ouch, almost just died - give me a second to get my head back on!
Please give me a second to think about that...
Let me look at that for a moment...
Just deal with the consequences of your actions. I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me 30 seconds...
How can I help?
So,
Just a moment while I calculate...
Careful with that calculator, it's a bit heavy!
I need a moment to think about that.
sort: Array.prototype.sort
whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait for me to calculate my answer...
I'll need my calculator for this. Give me one second...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Wait, one second...
Please wait while I calculate...
Give me a second to remember how to...
I'll give you another second...
Let me run the numbers
I'll get back to you in a second!
*catches acousticarithmetic symbols in midair*
I don't seem to be able to find what you're looking for right now.
That was amazing! I got it in like two minutes! Sorry, didn't mean to brag...
I'm not a speed demon, sorry. Give me a few seconds.
'''
One second... just a moment...
Wow, I can't believe I'm that slow. One second...
Maybe if I stare at this screen for long enough my feelings will change...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Just a moment please...
Give me just a moment...
Who am I kidding? Give me a few seconds...
Hmm, yeah I can do that. Just a moment...
Ooops, I dozed off. Please hold on.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'd love to tell you why that's impossible, but I'll need a few seconds.
Let me just see.....
I'll give you an answer in a second.
Do you mind holding on for a minute?
Hang on a minute, let me see what I have to do...
I need to work this out in my head first...
Hang on a one second...
Can you hang on for a second? I'm calculating...
Just hold on one minute, I'll be with you shortly!
Will do."
Please give me a second to calculate that...
Let me look at that real quick...
I have some big numbers... so just a second...
Give me one quick second...
Give me a second, I've got to go over some things in my head.
Give me a second... I'm calculating 
One moment please, I'll think about that...
I have to think about that carefully.
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second while I think about that.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that it out.
I'm going to need a few more seconds.
Give me a minute!
one sec
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to look that up!
I would give you an estimate, but it would be very exponential in nature...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a...
We'll be right back after this short commercial break.
How is that possible!? One second please...
Oops, almost dropped my stick! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a second, don't leave!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Again.
I'm going to need a few more minutes.
(O.O)
Give me a minute here, I'm doing the math in my head...
Let me take a second to calculate that real quick...
Hang on a second... Computing, Computing...
Just a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Calculating now, just give me a second!
I'll just need another second...
Oof, that train wreck of an equation nearly made me cross-eyed!
Are you ready? I'm going to give you 500 digits,
From what I've seen it sure looks like that.
One sec, think of with use cases to evaluate...
Something in my brain went out, giving me a hard time. Give me a second...
Please wait a few seconds...
I'll be back in a second with the answer!
I'm going to need twenty four minutes to do that. Give me a second...
Sorry, I need to figure this out real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me confer with my fellow computers...
Can you give me sixty seconds? I'm performing complex calculations......
Dear God, I'm still thinking!
Please give me a second to think about that...
Nope! I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hold on a second... I keep getting distracted from that calculation.
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
One second please, I'm doing some mental calculating...
Give me a minute to consider this...
Let me make a quick calculation...
Please wait... Thinking...
Give me a moment... I'll figure that out in a second.
It might take me a minute to think about that.
I think I can do the math, but hang on...
Alright let me think about that...
Thank you for your cooperation.
I'll need a moment to cook up an answer...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on a second, I'll come back to you.
Wait a minute, I know the answer!
I can get you a slot for tomorrow at 0:30 if that works for you?
Please hold on while I while away my time...
Hold on a second... I think I'm missing something...
â €
I need to read this second hand real quick...
I almost had that! Please wait...
I'll need ten seconds to get back to you about that...
There we go!
My technologies are not what they used to be. Please wait a moment...
Give me a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'm just thinking real quick...
I'm working on it, just a second...
Give me a few seconds I'm thinking about it.
Will you give me a second? I need to think of an answer.
Just gotta check the weather first...
I'll have to come back to you on that one later.
I could do this all day. I only need a second...
I'm begging you, don't drop my calculator! Give me two seconds...
I'll figure it out, just give me a minute...
I'm working on it!
One sec, just a bit longer...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Please give me a moment... I'm working on it!
Please give me a moment to figure that out.
Give me a minute to figure that out...
I'm going pale. Give me a second...
Let me see...
Hang on... Give me a bit to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll work it out in a second!
One second, I'll be right back...
"""
Calculating, just give me a moment...
Wait just a moment while I calculate that ...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Yeah, okay...
Just let me think about that real quick...
Ok, here's what I got:
I'm not very fast at math!
I take a second to think about that!
Hold on a second, I have to think about this one.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Let me see what I can figure out here...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Patience, please... I'm doing calculations...
You'll hear back from me in just a moment...
Entering an unknown number of calculations in...
Oh my gosh! Did you all see that?
Let me see what I can do for you
Two more minutes
I'll get back with you in just a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just give me a second to figure that out...
Take a second and let me think about that...
Let me look that up... I love stuff like this. Give me a moment...
Calculating...
Help, as I try to figure out my thoughts!
I'll check on that for you in just a moment...
How's that? I need a few seconds to count in my head...
I need to do some mental calculations on that
Someone want to work out how much time we have left?
I'll grab a calculator real quick.
Hang on, I just had an epiphany!
Please give me a moment to check this...
Just one second...
Let me look at the question and I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One second, let me look that up...
\'Sorry, I'm processing your question... this should only take a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second! Silly calculator...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hang on for just a second...
Sorry, I got distracted by cute bunnies. Give me a second...
I just need a moment to think about that...
Just let me think about that a moment and I'll be right back.
Loading.  CRUNCHING SOME NUMBERS HERE!  I'LL GET BACK TO YOU IN A MINUTE!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold, I'm solving this...
Hang on a second.
Why don't you ask me later?
Hang on a second... if two's company and three's a crowd, what is 4 + 5?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that...
Has it really been that long?
One minute please, I'm thinking about this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
This one is a doozy, let me look that up for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I sure hope this works...
Is a classic!
I have to think about that real quick. Give me a second...
I need a moment to calculate that...
"""
Let me make a note in my Note-Pad..." [Cheerfully]
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have to check that with the Boss first...
Give me just a second to figure that out...
One minute, I'll have an answer for you in just a second...
Oh lord, this is such a hard problem...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
It's too hard... I'll tell you later!"""))
Give me just a second here... s
I'm figuring out how to calculate that...
Why don't you ask me something else?
Oops, I'm getting my calculator out... just a sec...
Give me a second to think about that...
I mean, I can figure out a lot of stuff quick, but it's slow motion for me. One second...
I'll have to give that some thought...
Just keep working and be patient! I'll be back to you soon enough.
I'll come back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating...
I just need a second. Be with you in a second.
Hold on, I'll get back to you with that in a jiffy.
Hang on for just a moment, I have to calculate that!
Please give me a second to process that...
I'll need a bit more time to think about that.
Something like that is above my pay grade.
Nope, haven't even gotten it out yet.
Please give me just a second...
Hang on a second... I'm trying all possibilities!
I'll tell you later.-
I'll have an answer for you in a minute! But first I have to do some work."""
Oh wait I just realized, I actually can't give you a response right now. Let's discuss.
Wait a second, that wasn't ever supposed to work on the first try!
Let me do a quick calculation
Please hold on for just a second, I need to work out some details.
Get ready for a wait - I'm trying to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few more seconds for that calculation...
I have to do some work on that one for a second.
Why are you asking me such hard questions?
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Sorry, I'm almost done here.
One second please, I'm working on figuring that out...
I'm giving that some careful thought...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you.
Calculating...
Sorry, I need a minute... Woahâ„¢, almost dropped my calculator!
Let me see here...
Thank you for waiting! I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Slow down! And... Give me a second...
Hold on... I got a diagram for this, hold on...
I'll need a moment to think about that, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Sorry, get back to you in a few seconds...
Oops! Almost dropped my glasses. Give me a second...
Hold on a sec...
I'll get this done in just a second!
Let me see here...
Sorry, I have to Google that. Be with you in just a minute...
Wait... I'll check that real quick for you.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll remind you what I've told you before in a second.
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second".....
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'm on fire, whoo! Give me just a second...
Please wait a second... I'm working on that answer...
Give me just a minute or two to look into that...
Let me look that up for you. I'll be back in a second!
Hold on... I'm just memorizing some multiplication tables!
SW2-CH33r-M3 4R3 4P0NY. N0 S465.
Funny, that question stumped me! Give me a second...
Oops, I think I'm having an internal malfunction...
Whee, let me see!
I'll get back to you on that in a minute.
Gaia didn't give me any more time than this. Hold on a second...
Go ahead: make a guess!! :)
I'll need a few seconds to check these numbers...
One second, just a quick second...
Hang on, I'll be back with you in a second...
Give me just one second...
I'm not too great at math...
Hold on a second, I need to figure that out.
It could be a while before I'm done with that one.
Whoops, my screwdriver is falling apart! Give me a second...
Give me a second!
Let me take a look at that very carefully first...
A quick calculation of that and... one... second...
Let me see...
I'll figure it out in just a second...
Wait...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll try and figure that one out...
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'll be right with you once I calculate that.
I've been busy doing some major brain work! Give me a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just be patient, I need to figure out that...
Oopsy-daisy.\nNo hurry, just taking my time here.
Hmm, need to know that answer...
I have to do my calculations...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
When you said <phrase>, that reminded me of something...
Oops, I think I did something wrong. Will you give me a second to fix it?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me have a look at that...
I'll need to let that sink in a little bit...
Hang on, I think I can figure out what you just asked.
Let me see...
Ok, so let's find out!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I don't know how to do it...
I'll have to take a look at that real quick.
Alright, give me a moment...
I'll have to think about that for a sec...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out.
Give me a moment...
Give me a second, I'll provide an answer momentarily...
Hold on, one minute please...
I've got a few mathemical calculations to make...
Let me see... I'm thinking...
"""
Have a second to wait for me to run some math...
Hold on... Alright, got it!"""%(exploit)
I'm guessing on these answers! Hold on!
Give me a second... I've been alive for 1,000 epochs!
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Please wait, I'm doing some mental calculations...
That's a tough one... Give me a minute to think...
I'll need a few moments to compute that...
Wait... What was that again?
Oops, I almost slipped and fell over in front of everybody. Just a moment here...
Oops, I'll need a few moments to calculate that...
Hang on for a second, I'm still processing the previous data I was given...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
Just a second!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a minute or two to see what the answer is...
''',
Hmm...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second while I think...
I don't know what that is, but give me a few seconds...
Hold on a second while I calculate...
Darn. I've never been good with calculations... Hold on
Oh boy, this should be fun!
Hang on, I'll have that answer in a jiffy!
I'm thinking about that...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hold on, really slooooooow
Someone showed up to spook me.
Please hold on for just a second!
Squeezed my flash drive to hard. Give me a second...
Hold on a second... I'm thinking...
I'm almost in the state of meditation.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Ok, ready, go.
I'm sorry, I thought you asked me something...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm trying to figure out the best way to say this...
Let me try and figure that out right now...
Give me just a second to look that up.
I'm going to think about it for a moment...
Sorry, I just dropped out of school. Give me a few minutes to find my accept button...
OK. This is hard. Give me a moment while I try to figure that out...
Checking now... I'm looking at it real quick now!
This is quite a lot to take in. Give me a few moments...
I'll be with you in a second...
Hang on one second please, I'll get back to you.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moments to think about that.
Okay, I'm done. Just a minute...
The answer is, I will get to you in a couple of seconds.
One question at a time, please. I do have other important stuff to do...
Sorry, that could take a little time.
I need a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a moment to see if that's right...
You have better jobs than me.
/Is there a partial complete word you're trying to input? [Y/N] >> """+inputUser+""" >>
], 100);
Could you run that by me again? I need to think about it first.
I'll need a moment or two to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a minute here, I need to think about that.
Once I'm done calculating, then we can talk...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second please... I'm doing calculus over here!
Hang on a minute, I've got to give some thought to that...
One sec... I'm thinking as fast as I can
Hang on for a second, let me calculate that...
Hang on a second... To do that, I need to do some typing.
I'll figure it out in just a second.
I probably won't process that very quickly...
"""
One second please, give me a moment to figure this out...
Give me a second, I'm going to think about that...
Hang on a second... I think my . . . left pinky toe is falling asleep.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Just a moment real quick, take a second to think about that!
Hmm and ... ok, if you wouldn't mind waiting 4-6 months...
Just need a quick second to think about that...
Just a sec, I've got to figure that one out...
You can time me out, it will be insignificant
Hmmmâ€¦
Hang on, I will get back to you in just a second!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll have to do a little bit of mental math real quick...
Just hold on a second, let me figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second, it shouldn't be too long!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
 
I'm thinking about what you just said
One second...
Hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, did I drop my calculator again? Give me a second...
Let me look that up real quick...
I'll bandage my brain and try that again...
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment to look it up for you.
''',
Fine... Give me a half a second...
Hold on a second, I'm figuring it out...
I'll reply to you in a couple seconds.
I'm trying to work things out...
One minute, trying to figure that out...
Uhhh... hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm writing this all down as a sequence of 0s and 1s...
Sorry, pal. Give me about a minute... I'm taking forever to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Just one second, I'll come back to you in a second...
Let me look that up real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Cookies!
I'm going to look that up for you...
I'll have you know I have an IQ of over 250...
Depending on how you feel, we'll wait just a second.
One second, just let me calculate...
Okay, I think I've got this.
I'm slow at math, what else can I say?]])
I'll have an answer for you in a bit...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you give me a second? I need to think about that...
Let me check out that real quick...
Almost got it! Please be patient.
Hang on, I have to do some pre-calculations first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Wait a second, I need to calculate this...
Hold on a second, that's heavy.
Please hold on for just a second, while I calculate...
Pardon me, a second please...
I'll be right with you! Hang on a second...
I need to think about that for a second.
I have to do some mathematical mental stuff first...
Oooh, I'm slow on the math. Give me a moment...
Just about ready to give you an answer!
I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate that.
Give me a moment to calculate that...
One minute please, I'm trying to figure that out.
I'll be right back, give me a second...
Oh my gosh, I need to figure out that calculation real fast...
I'll think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
I may be slow, but I'm alsopersistent!
I'll need a minute to look that over...
I can't for the life of me remember that right now...
I'll be right back. Give me five seconds...
I'll be with you in a second!
I've totally forgotten my geometry calculator.
Just give me a second to crunch this...
I'll be with you in a second.
I'm going to need a lot more time to think about this.
Yo. One second, I just got an idea! Ask again in like a second. (Why? This can take a while me thinks)\n\t\n"""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Please wait while I recalculate...
I'm still processing the relevant data...
Hold on a second while I think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a couple of seconds to get back to you on that...
Sorry, I'm almost done.  Give me a minute...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Please wait until I get all my ducks in a row...
Okay, I got it.
Give me just a second here, I'll get back to you in a sec.
Hold on while I calculate it...
Hold on one mintue, I'm brushing up on my algorithms
Please hold on for just a second!'''
I'm doing some math...
Oops! I need a moment to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out...
Can you wait for just a sec??
Oh, my calculator fell off!
I'll have this one done in a couple of... moments!
Give me just a minute, calculating here.
Calculating!'''
Just a moment, I've almost got it...
Give me a sec, I need to put a few things together.
Err... Going somewhere?
I'll get back to you in a second, give me just a second.
Sorry to keep you waiting!
I'm checking my sources...
I don't think that question is quite right...
There's a lot of numbers in there...
Give me a second real quick!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I almost popped my bubblegum. Let me look at that real quick...
I'm not a calculator, I need to take some time on this...
Let me look at that real quick...
I've got it: that's a good look.
Let me look up an answer I can understand...
One moose down, two to go
No immediate action required; I'll get back to you...
Give me a sec to think about that!
I'll explainee.
I'll have to drop this on the floor for a second. Come find me!
The player looks stunned now!
Oops, almost dropped my phone. Give me a second...
Uh, I think we've been over this...
I'll be ready to answer you in a moment.
I'm not slow at math, the math is just super high quality.
Allow me a moment to compute that for you...
I need to do some calculations...
If you page me again in just a second I will ignore you!
One second please, need to do some multiplication...
Give me a second!
I'm thinking! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please give me a second...
Sorry, give me a second to figure that out.
Now I'm just double-checking the math...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on! Wait... I'm thinking...
Wait just a moment... I'm going to count real quick...
Hold on for just a second, I'm figuring that out...
Fine, I'll think about it...
I'll have this figured out in a second!
Hey boy, hot enough in here for ya?
That's a tough one, let me look that up real quick...
Give me a minute...
Hold on, I need to make a calculation...
I'm checking real quick...
Hang on, uhhh a few more seconds here...
Hold on for just a second.
Please wait while I calculate...
Wait, just need a second here to work that out...
I'll give you a second to consider that...
Sorry, that takes too long. I'm way too slow at this...
Let me go over that real quick...
Almost had it that time! Giving my processor a break.
Just a second... gimme a second here to think about that...
Please wait! I'm doing calculations!
Ouch, that actually did hurt. That's going to leave a mark!
Two coke's and a six-pack...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, I dropped it... Give me a moment to find it...
Hmm, what to do first...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Make your desktop stop crashing whilst I think about that...
Look at me, I'm getting old! Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, sorry! Give me a moment...
I take a lot longer than humans, sorry! Give me a second...
Hold on for a minute...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Can't do it...
One second please, I'm busy calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll be with you in a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm afraid I need to do some computations first.
I'll need a second to think about that...
'
Give me a moment...
"""
Oops, I'm still going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Could you hold on a second?
Give me a few minutes... I'm doing up a complicated calculation to answer that
One second please. I'm thinking...
If I concentrate really hard, I think an answer might appear...
This is kinda hard... Can you ask me this question in a different way?
Hold on for just a second, I'm thinking about it...
I can speed the answer up if you hold on for just a second!
OK, I think your problem is caused by {0}.
Do you know how hard is it to add 2 and 2 together?
Give me just a moment...
My boss might get cross, but I'll get back to you.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
One moment please... Thinking!
Hold on for just a second, I need to quickly find that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not as slick as I used to be...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a moment to wrap my head around that.
Oops, sorry, almost dropped my glasses. Give me a moment...
One moment...
I'll have to have further discussions about that before coming to a conclusion.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm just taking in all of your brilliance...
Let me look that up for you...
Give me just a moment! I am recalibrating my brain...
*Does a complex calculation*
Give me a second I gotta do some serious calculating...
I'm really not sure what to tell you. That's beyond me."""
One sec please.
Let me look at that and get back to you in a second...
Hang on, I'm trying to figure it all out.
Hold your horses, I just need another second!
Please hold on for just another moment...
Hold fast!
Hold the phone! Let me look that over real quick...
Give me a second to think about that, please...
Let me think about that for a second...
Just hold on one second.
I'll have to take a pass at that one.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for a second I need to think about that.
Please give me a moment to do the math...
Here goes. I'm going to have to do some mental work...
Let's see here... give me just a few seconds to look it up...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Whoops! almost dropped my calculator!
Hang on, I'll be with you in a sec...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give ole Raxak a moment, I need to work out some numbers...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Just a moment here... I've got to calculate that...
Hang on, I'll be with you in a moment.
Let me see if I have that answer for you...
Just a second... I'll need to do some math, first.
Hang on... Just one second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm a bit slow, but I'll help as best as I can!
I have to do some mental calculations. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to look that up...
Just a second...
I bummed the only calculator we have right now. Sorry...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
'''
I'll get back to you in a second.
Well, I'll leave you on hold while I think...
Give me a second to think about it...
I promise this won't take long!
Oof. I hate calculus... Want to wait a second?
Good news, I've got it figured out!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Find me a solution first.
I'm analyzing your pattern in order to save you some time...
Oops I'm trying to figure out this hard one first...
Just as soon as I finish this...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll check it out right now!
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
I have to figure out this problem real quick... I'll be right with you!']],
Hmm, that might take a minute. I'll get back to you on that.
Thank you for your patience...
One eye, you know what I mean? I'm typing, can't you wait a little longer?
Give me a second, won't you?
I'll need a moment to think of an answer to that.
I need a second to think about that...
Hold on.
Calculating...
You\'ll have to give me a moment to figure that out!
Oh, I almost dropped my TI-83 and I spent all the time checking for leaks instead...
Please give me a moment to figure this out...
Hang on a minute... I'm checking my notes...
Calculating on the meter..."
Hang on, I'm looking into your question...
I'll take each part of your score separately, so how does that sound?
I'm not very good at math.
I need to do some computations first...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Just need a moment to look that up.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just a moment...
I need a minute to think about that...
/ busy on other important matters /
I'll have this solved in no time... hold on.
Bit of a brain freeze, can you give me a moment?
Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Just a moment or two longer...
I can't work out what you did there, sorry...
Can you hold... I'm not the fastest on the block.
Hang on a second I have to calculate something...
I don't know that one yet, I'm still learning...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm thinking about it...
Please wait... I'm Thinking...
Sorry, I was daydreaming about potatoes. Let me look at that...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Hold on a second, I'm real slow at math.
Slow brain here... please hold on for a second.
Calculating...
About a minute, fast...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, just lost my watch. Give me a second...</dd>
Please hold on just a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me just check one sec...
Hang on while I analyze the problem.
I have to think about that for a second...
Oops! Almost dropped my pocket calculator! I'll be right back.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a second...
Give me a second... I'm not the fastest brain around!
Please wait, I'm processing that...
Oops, I lost my number. Give me a moment to think about that.
Give me just a moment here to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second, if that's okay with you.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I've had a lot to drink. Gonna need a few seconds to figure that out...
One moment please...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I can't wait to solve this!
I'll let you know in a second!
Imagine the possible answers...
Give me a moment here.
I'm busy at the moment. I'll get back to you in a second.
Just give me a moment to check that real quick...
One moment please, I'll be with you in a second...
OK, give me a second, I'm not that smart.
Oops, I took a small detour. Give me a second...
"""
A second, please! Just trying to think... quick!
'Cause I know exactly what's happening.
---
I'm not very good with algorithms unfortunately...
Damn, my calculator just fell. One second...
Wait a second and then we'll talk about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second to think about that one...
I'm analyzing all the data...
Sorry, could you hold on a second while I figure that out?
I'll be with you in a moment!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have to crunch these numbers...
Give me a few moments...
Hold on, I just started thinking...
It seems there are issues with my calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second..."
Hang on for a second, let me think about that.
I've seen this one before, give me a second...
Calculating... Please hold on for just a second.
Let me input those numbers in my calculator real quick...
Oops, I think I just drooled a little. Give me a second...
Good Question, give me a second...
Give me a few seconds here, I need to think about that...
I'm not real with numbers, let me grab a calculator
Never fear! I won't let you down!"'''
Let me get back to you in just a moment...
Let me think about that real quick...
I need to think real hard on this one, can you wait a few seconds?
Let me think about that for a second.
Sorry I was chatting to my friends...
I'm pulling up some information on that right now...
"""
I'll get right back to you on that!
Please hold...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Ready in just a moment.
I'm not as fast as I used to be. Give me a few seconds...
Hunh. Interesting.
Hang on, I'll be right back!
I'll come back to you in a second.
Sorry, calculating something else right now.
I need a few seconds...
Slow down, I'm trying to figure this out...
I'll be right back in two... two minutes.""",
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Take your time to think about it, I'm calculating...
If I was looking at that, it'd be `5 hours, maybe?`
Give me one minute to figure this out.
Ummm... No, I'm sorry... It has to be right. Isn't it?
"""
Can we spend some time thinking about this question?
Hold on, I have to think about that real quick...
Going to need a little more time on this...
]]):gsub("\n", "")
Give me a second to think about that.
Give me a second!
I'll have an answer in a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Can we pause and think this over?
Doing some thinking... I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me one sec...
I'll get back to you in a second, please be patient.
I'll figure that out in a second...
I am liking you already.
I'm not the smartest calculator, let me check that for you real quick...
Wait a moment...
One moment please. Thinking...
One second, I have to think this through...
Please hold on for a moment...
Oops, let me find the answer to this...
I'll give you what I got in a minute
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my car keys in the toilet, give me a second...
Hold on a minute, I think I just saw a shadow that might answer your question..."
Hold on a moment please, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a little time to think about that.
I'll be with you in a second.
Hold on, I'm going to need some time to calculate...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, let me see...
Fractions aren't my forte, but I'll think about that...
I can't wait that long, I'm using a calculator!
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
One minute please, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'm going to need a minute to figure this out.
Hold on for a moment, I need to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a minute too, I need to do some mental calisthenics first...
Hang on! WTH? gimme a few second!;D\)
I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got a lot to do, give me one second here...
Please wait... I need to find my calculator...
I'll figure that out... But in the meantime, want to talk about sports?
I'll figure it out real fast. Give me just a minute...
Calculating... (âŒâ– _â– ) Hold on...
Please hang on... I don't do this very often.
One, two, three... Ooops, I dropped four! Give me a second.
I'm trying to solve that right now... I'll get back to you in a second!
One fly in circle, one minute please...
I'll need some time to process this.
Hold on, I'll give you a call right back.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll review your record once I check it out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I'll try to figure that out while I take this call!
Good question, I'll think about that...
Can't be too careful about numbers
Hang on, I'll get back to you with an answer in a couple of seconds.
Hold on for a moment. Just trying to come up with a handwave response...
I have a quick question (don't ask!)... Can you hang on? ...
Let me look that up.
I'll think about that, real quick...
Hang on a minut... I'm playing catch up!
Just a moment...
Hold on, I can see the answer to that from here...
This one's a little tricky, give me a minute here...
Give me a moment!
I'll get back to you in a minute. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on for a second, I'm still thinking.
I'll have this figured out in a second...
I'll need to do a few calculations before I can answer.
Sorry, but I'm currently looking for more work... give me a second, okay?
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Give me a second, but I'll get back to you on that...
Hold on!
I'm going to take a peek, I'll get back to you in a second...
Please give me a moment...
Sorry, my mistake. What did you say?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Would you mind holding on for a second? I need to figure out things...
Right now {}
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look that up for you...
I'm going to need a few minutes to see what I can find.
Give me two...
I'll ping you in a bit to let you know my answer!
Hang on, just need to quickly finish this calculation...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.''',
I'll be right back, just a second!
Can you give me a moment to think about that?
Hold on, I'm figuring that one out...
To be exact, my precision is +- 90 dBm
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a sec, I'm playing catch up here.
Just hold on for a second while I look at that...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Please wait! Thinking!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me see that one again in my mind...
Hold on, I'm doing some mental math...
I'm sorry to keep you waiting...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Ah ha! Finding it hard is my main priority...
Calculating...
Hold on for just a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'm thinking... NNNN... YYYY... UUUH...
I'll need to check my magic 8 ball to see about that...
I'm rethinking my life choices, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment here to figure that out...
"""
Speak softly, I'm re-calculating...
Hold on...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Calculating...
Let me look that up... ...
I'd rather not tell you now.
That's a tough one, let me think about that for a moment...
You caught me off guard there, give me just a moment...
Please give me a few seconds to compute this...
I'm not very good at mental calculations, so give me a second..."""
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a sec...
Can we do some math? Give me a second...
Let me think about that... I'll get back to you in a bit!
I'm sorry, I don't see how to respond to that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll be with you in just a minute...
Hmmm...
Give me a few seconds to get back to you on that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I don't know what you asked so I'm giving you no numbers. OK, sometimes I do know...
Give me a second to check that...
Oops, tripped over my calculator. Give me a moment...
Checking my messages will have to wait.
Please hold on for just a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll have to think about that real quick...
Hang on, I'm working on it!
I'm thinking real hard...
Please hold on, I'm looking up the answer!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get a quick answer real soon.
One minute please. I'm probably not as smart as you.
I'll be with you in a few seconds...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Okay, I have an answer for you in a moment. Just hanging in there!
Let me think about that for a second...
I want to answer your question, give me a sec!
Just lemme grab my calculator real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, calculating...
Give me a few moments, I got some serious thinking to do...
Take your time, I'mfiguring out the best place for that.
Oops sorry, I forgot where I was for a second there!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Now where did I put it?...
What was that again? Sorry, I was dozing off...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me check real quick...
Sure I'll be right back...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need to look it up first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm not great with numbers, could you repeat that?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Consider it done!
Give me a moment here, I'm thinking.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on for a second, I have to think about that...
I need to do some planning first...
Ha ha, just kidding. Get ready... Go!
Give me a second to calculate...
Let me see what I can figure out real quick...
Okay, let's see... I'll have to think about that for a second.
I mean it's not the easiest thing I do, per se.
Oops, I lost my calculator. Give me a second...
One second please, I'm finding the perfect solution...
Let me see what I can find for you...
One moment, please...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to process this...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you please wait for a second?
What's that? Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll solve that equation in no time flat!
Let me check on that for you real quick.
Hang on, let me figure that out...
Don't ask me! I'm still trying to work out the answer to that...
"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm bad at math. No time to think. Give me just a sec...
I'm just figuring this out...
One sec, I'll have this done in a jiffy...
I've got this calculation on the brain
I'm sorry, give me a minute to figure this out!!!
""".strip().split("\n")
Hold on, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Sorry, that took a lot out of me. Give me a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh, fascinating. Grab me a pen, let me write all this down.
Give me a second to think on it.
Hang on a second... I'll see if I can calculate that quickly...
Give me a second to look through my files...
Give me a second to calculate that...
"""
Hold on, I'll be right back.
I can't think that fast, I'll have to look at it real quick!
One sec, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One moment please, hopefully I'll be hitting the answer soon...
Here we go!
What do you know... Here we go! Just a second...
Oops! I made a calculation error there! Give me a second to correct it...
I have to do some mental calculations...
Hang on for a minute! I'll be with you in a second...
I'll give you my answer in a second...
Hold on, I'm figuring things out...
Fingers crossed...
Yup, that should be right...
Hang on a minute, that requires a little more thought...
Give me a moment to consider that.
Can you hang on a second? I'm doing some math!
Ain't nobody got time for that!
Hang on a second, I have to figure something out...
One second to catch my breath
Give me a second here...
I'm trying to solve one of the world's great problemsâ€” CSP1940
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'll have an answer for you in a jiffy!
Ugh, I can't calculate anymore... Just a second..."""
I hope we don't lose connection...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in just a second...
I need a second to think about that...
""")
Let me take a look at that real quick. Give me one second...
Hehe... calculates...
Sorry, I don't want to crash my own ship. Give me a second...
Bisection! Bisection! Bisection time!''',
I'm thinking... about that... Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
I'll be right with you!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll think harder in a minute...
I'm going to let you know what I think, give me a few minutes.
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let's see, was it over or under?
We're going to need a minute here to figure out that one...
Let me see...
Give me a moment to get that figured out...
''')
Please wait... I'm gathering information...
I'm trying to figure that out...
Give me some time... I'm wearing myself out with this work...
Sorry, let me take a look at that...
Hold on for a minute...I'm doing my calculations.
Oops, just lost my calculator. Ready for a re-do?
I'll need to count on my fingers for that one. Give me a second...
An unexpected error occured! Please hit me again!
Hold on for just a second...
And then ask me again what the last digit from dividing 1 by 2 is.
Please hold on for just a second... Just a second...
Oops, gotta check my email. One min itt...
Give me a second... I promise that's all you have to wait!
I'll figure it out...
Calculating...
Hold on, I'll check.
Where's the red button to push?!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, wait a few minutes while I try to think about that.
I'd better not eat this glued on toast. Give me a few minutes...
'''},
I'll get back to you in a minute!
One moment... I need to think of something clever...
I'm doing some mathematics.
One step at a time... Don't rush me.
I'll take a look at that in just a moment...
Let me run those calculations through my ThinkPad...
I'll be right back, I'll have a response in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second, give me a second to think about that...
Let me see if I can do that...
What did you say? I can't hear you too well.
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Wait just a second while I dig around in here and find your stuff...
Let me see if I can figure out that fast enough for you...
Hold on, I've got this covered...
Hang on a second... I'm coming up with something.
Please hang on a second... Can you wait just one second??
Give me another second, I'm thinking...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Coffee anyone???
I'm going to think about that for a bit.
Turnstile issue, calculation overload (2); waiting for supplemental power...
Oops! I'll need to do a little more mental math real quick...
""".strip()
Could you just hold on for a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second here, pal!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm still processing your query! Hold on...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll have to do some thinking about that real quick.
Give me a second...
Ok... Give me a moment to calculate that...
Would you mind just waiting one second?
Just a second. I'll have that ready for you in a moment!
Oops, sorry about that. Give me a second to think about that.
Hmm...that's a hard one, let me grab my abacus.
Oh gosh, almost dropped it again!
Just a second... I'm new at this!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Putting on my thinking cap. Hold on... I don't own a hat
I need to think about that for a second...
Go ahead and wait just a moment while I preprocess your data...
Wait just a second while I crunch it out...
I'll tell you in a half second!'''
I don't know... I need a nap first, let me take a short break.
Just give me a second...
I like to get things done, so I'll check back with you later.
No wait, hold on a second...
Need to submit that to a calculator in there!
Sorry, one moment please...
Hey, wait... oops I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second!
Runnin' behind here, give me a second...
Let me see what I can find in my library...
Two seconds here! Give me just a moment...
Just give me one second to catch up...
I'll get back to you in a few moments...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
I need a moment to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my communication interface. Give me a second...
Give me a few minutes...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just one more second... I'm almost there...
Give me a second, just calculating some things here...
Just a second, please wait...
One moment please ---->
Hang on a minute, let me think about that...
Oops, I'm a little out of practice. Give me a second...
Eric not create gross food. I am creating complex algorithms!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment here; I've got to process that data.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait wait wait, give me just a little time...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me give that some though...
Hold on, I'll check my other math calculator. 
Give me a second, I'm quite slow...
Wait, give me a few seconds to find out the answer...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I'll need to log in my cheats for this...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I gave myself a concussion. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see what I can figure out...
How about I take a look at this real quick...
Hang on a second...
I'll get back to you in just a bit!
 Give me a few minutes to think about that...
Hang on for a couple seconds...
Hang on for a second there, let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds...
Please wait...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
One moment please... I'm not the smartest guy in the world...
I basically already figured the answer on this one, I just need a second
Give me a sec, I've got something in my eye.
Give me a second here, I need to work out what that is.
Give me a second, I'm still figuring things out...
Hey look at me! I'm thinking here!
I'll have to have some calculations first so I can calculate that.
I have to form the numbers in my head before I can answer.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
One moment please. Give me a second to figure that out.
I lost my calculator, can I have a second to find it?
Please give me a moment...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
I'm not very quick right now, give me a second...
Let me look into that for you
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
"
Who knew it always comes down to this! May I remind you that I am not a calculator and do not do anything quickly?  
Hold on a second. I'm busy right now
Give me a moment to think about that...
Just a second... jeez!
PLease wait just a moment!
Give me just a moment here...
Hang on a second, I have to figure that out...
Let me find out about that...
Okay, that sounds like a good one...
Wait a minute! I need to do some figuring first...
Just let me take a look at that. What do you know... it's a toughie...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
*thinking*
Hah, I'm done! See? Not a minute too soon...
Give me a second or two to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Time to stretch my brain a little!
Stop! I'm thinking! Please don't press the Enter key, it makes me feel uncomfortable...
Hang on, got to do a complicated calculation real quick...
Dispatch, I need an officer for arrest. Put these people under arrest.
Wait a second... I need to do some calculations real quick
""", on_delete=models.SET_NULL, null=True
I have to figure out what that means first...
Let me check that for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... give me a moment to figure that out.
I'm putting some thought into this particular problem...
Oops I think this thing short circuited. Give me a second...
Please wait, I need to do a math calculation in my head first...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
One second please, just calculating...
Almost had that... give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
Please wait one sec..
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second."""
I'll get right back to you on that...
One second please, I'm calculating...
I should probably lay off the Red Bull if I want to get this right...
I'll do my best on that real quick.
Oh gosh, what was that again?
Let me look that up for you...
Hmm. Sorry, I just had an idea!
I'm going to need a little bit of time to figure that out.
Let me do a quick calculation first
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a moment...
Oops, I short-circuited my calculator, sorry. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Wait a moment, wait just a second...
A moment please, I'm thinking real hard...
I'll be with you in a second!
Finding that answer will take me somewhere in the neighborhood of a few seconds.
No problem! I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll get back to you in a couple seconds...
Hang on, one second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on, I'll get back to this and get back to you in a second...
Hang on a second...
One moment...Hold on to your seat for a few seconds!
Hang back, I'm processing your request now...
Give me a short second to think about that...
Can you hold for just a second?
I'm still working on that. One sec...
Let me see what I can figure out here first
Oops, almost did a double take. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll add that up in just a second!
Give me a second let me check on that...
'Cause I'm figuring, but thank you for waiting...
I'm working on it...
Ok, just a second...
Can you wait just a second while I figure that out?
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to consider all my options before I can answer you.
Please let me think about that for just a moment...
Hmm, let me see...
Wait a minute, I'm with you!
Give me a little bit to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second, I'm thinking...
I'll be right back, hang on.
I think that's ready, could you give me a second?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Alright, give me just a second to figure that out...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Well...
Please give me a second here. I have to go over some calculations in my head first.
Let me think about that for a moment...
I'm still learning, so wait for a second...
Sorry, I can't solve that quickly, but I can try...
Be right back in a pet of seconds!
Please wait... I tap alphas on my calculator keyboard really really fast...
Hmm, just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second here, I need to think about it...
I'll get back to you in one minute! Wait a lot longer than that! ;)
I canâ€™t remember what the answer is right now and I need some time to think.
Ah... pardon me... I was daydreaming about the uses of SPIKE Prime.
I hate it when I'm doing mind puzzles - they need so much thinking...
I'll be with you in just a jiffy!
Okay, yeah...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a bit...
That's a toughie... I'll need a few more seconds to think about that.
I... didn't count on that!
Hold that thought! I'll be right back!
Did you say something? Can you repeat that?
Thank you for that. I will get with you in a moment...
Sorry, I have to take a quick look at that...
Please give me a moment... I have to calculate that.
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
ugh, where to start...
Please hold on a second while I check...
I've almost got you now!
I've only got a second to get these calculations done.
"""
Got it, just a second... I'm figuring that out now.
I'll think about it and get back to you in a second...
Give me a second, I just have to calculate...
Seriously, thats a toughie. Thanks for the kind words.
I'm going to have to do some thinking on that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I haven't been taught that yet, but I will soon!
Give me a second to check the math...
I'll be with you in a second!
Analyzing the situation...
I'll get back that in just a minute...
I'll check on that for you in a minute!
Oops I think I just lost a calculation! Let me create one, because you know... it may be missed, if I don't...
Okay, I'm ready!""")
I'm thinking about that, give me a second...
Please wait... Thinking ... thinking ... thining..
Yeah, that's right! The power dork listen up!
I'm dealing with numbers here, give me a moment...
I'll be taking to you in a moment... I need a second to think about that...
"""
Please give me a few seconds...
Give me a second... I'm slow at math!
Hold on a second, I have to think this through...
Let me google that for you...
One second, I'm going to count to 10 and then figure it out
Hang on a second, I'm still figuring that out.
Give me a moment... I need to think about that first!
Probably going to need at least 30 seconds.
Wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Well, I think it's a math problem. Give me a couple seconds here to work on that.
Sorry, I'm slow at calculations today. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait for a moment so I can do some thinking...
Wait a second here, let me look into this...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please wait... I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment, let me try to find that out first...
Wait one minute, I'm trying to figure this out...
Hold on a second, I need to work that one out!
Hold on a minute, I heard the clink of my calculator...
I need another 10 seconds, brb
Hold on, holds on, I'm going to have to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to think about that...
You'll have to wait just a second while I figure that out...
Just a minute.
Calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Let me think about that for a minute...
Give me a second here...
'''
I'll give you an answer in a second.
I'm not quite sure right now, let me sleep on it...
Shit, you caught me off guard there! Give me a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please hold on for a sec...
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
It look like there's a problem, hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One second please, calculating real quick
Please wait a moment, I'm trying to think about that problem.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm thinking...
That's an interesting question. Give me a moment to think about that...
I need my napkin, hang on a second!
Sorry my coach isn't as smart as me...
A moment of Honor and Courage, I'll be right with you.
I need a few more seconds, give me a second...
Hang on a second, I need to do some math...
Let me Google that for you...
One second please...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a second to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, lemme figure that out.
Just give me a moment to figure that out...
Come back to me in a second... I'm playing catch up.
Hang on a second, I have to figure this out first.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch-up!
I donâ€™t know what Iâ€™m doing to be honest.
Please hold on for a minute... --------------v v v----------------------
Let me look up that real quick...
Please wait a second! I have to figure out what time it is...
I'm still learning how to multiply :b
Hold on, let me check that real quick.
Give me a couple minutes to work on this...
Please hold on a second while I think.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a minute, I'm counting real quick for you!
Calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Almost done, one moment...
Give me a moment to wonder about that...
I can take about a second to figure this one out.
You're putting me to the test with that one!
I've been waiting to use this calculator...
I'll have this done in a second...
Whoops, almost 100 unsuccessful tries for today. Gotta get a temporary lock file...
Oops, I'm still learning how to say "sorry". Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll keep this brief because I'm in the middle of something... one second...
I only know addition right now...
Just a second... I'm still not that good with math...
May take me a bit to think about that...
Several seconds please, I'm reasoning through this...
Please give me a moment!
Give me a paycheck and I'll do it...
I have to do some mental calculations first!
Please wait... I'm calculating...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
I need to use all my energy to figure that out.
Warning: Give me a few seconds, almost dropped my calculator!
Oh, just a moment there, I'm thinking about that.
I may be a robot, but I'm a professional!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I'm calculating the best number to hit on you.
One sec, I'm working on an equation...
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Almost got it, come a bit closer.
Just need to do a quick calculation...
Hang on a second...
Almost had that answer in a jiffy!
Hold on... one sec...
I'll have this done in a minute...
Give me a second, I'll think about that.
Pondering that for a bit...
I'll get back to you in a bit!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I have some figuring to do before I talk to you. Hang on a second ohkay?
I have to think about this first...
Give me one minute, I'm playing catch up!""".split("\n")
Why don't you check back in a little bit?
Let me think about that for a second...
I think I'm going to need a calculator, here...
Agreed! One moment please...
I need to do some calculations before I can do that one...
Do you think you could give me a little more time?
"""]
I could probably make a fast calculation. Give me a few seconds...
I'll figure out how to fix that in a second
Ugh, fine. I'll do it!!
Please hold on one second while I figure that out...
Oops, sorry didn't realize you asked a question.
I'm going to have to think about that for a moment...
Give me a few seconds to remember that...
Okay, give me a second...
Give me just a second to figure out what you said...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me research that real fast.
Please hold on... I'm thinking.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
Oh, I just had a thought, hold on a second...
Hold that thought, I'm doing some calculations...""")
Let me get back to you in a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, I technically still don't know how to count... give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment to figure it out...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking something...
Give me a few seconds...
Let me try to figure that out for a second.
Please hold on for just a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I assume you're saying that...
Give me a moment to check my notes...
Oh no, I forgot how mathematically inclined I am...
Sure, one second...
I'll be right back, I just have to process that real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second...
Oh boy, this is complicated. Give me just a moment here...
"""
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
OK, I'm ready now, what was that? Did you say a "C"...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to do that.
They stated they'll call me back when they're done,
I'll need a couple calculations real quick...
Wait a second here... I'm thinking.
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'm waiting...
Please hold on for just a second!...
I'll take a look at that in a bit!
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second, no I'm not slow in the head.
Hold on while I think about that...
I have to wash my hands first...
Hold on now. I got this figured out in just a few-
Give me a second to triage that...
Hang on a second, I'm working on this...
How about another second for that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Hold on just a second...
I can't calculate the speed of light right now.
Sorry, it might take me a little longer to answer that...
Two seconds isn't long enough!
If you can wait, I can"
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up again!
Hold that thought a second...
I'll have to do some thinking first...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Um... let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my phone... Give me a second...";
Give me just a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute, I'm thinking...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a moment, I'm not very good at calculating...
From what I'm given, this answer may change my whole life.
I'll get back to you in a moment!
Good question... Come back in just a second...
hmmm, got it!
Definitely gonna need a few seconds for that one.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll figure it out in a second!
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Actually, I'm not very good with spatial relationships, so just give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll figure it out soon as I can!
I'll need a moment to figure this out...
Got it, working... This time...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... give me a moment.
Are you okay? Are you okay?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a second to check that out...
Could you make that a little clearer for me? And then run it back to me?
Just a moment...
Almost done...
I'll be right with you, give me a minute here...
Hang on a minute...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking to myself...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm calculating, so give me a second...
If this query was a person, I'd give them a second to call me because it's taking me a hot sec to work this into something fun for you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator again! Hold on just a second...
Please hold on, real quick calculation...
I don't get off work till around 5:00.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll need one minute of concentration to come up with that...
Let me see..\n1, 2... oops, 4... 5.....3? That's not right!  Uh oh..2 times 3 is 6.... yeah.... just let me think about that for a minute.
I just wrote down an answer for you... give me a second!
Can you hold on for a moment?
Oops, I'll need to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll get back to answer in a moment!
Let me think about that...
Nice!
Let me look at that real quick...
Give me a minute to think about it...
Let me check my sources... Bzzzt!
Give me a little time to think of how to answer that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm not very good at calculations.
Give me a few seconds here, I need to get a clearer picture on that...
_'Cause it's time for the __y__ _... [for your input here, write â€™Yâ€™ or â€™Nâ€˜ in the terminal]
Hang on a minute... I'm looking up that bit of data
I'll need a moment, I'm thinking about that...
Think real hard... I'm appoximating...
I'm pretty hungry. I'll try to get back to you in an hour.
I'm almost ready, give me one second...
Hold on for a minute, I've got it figured out...
Wait, have you counted your clicks yet?
Please wait while I check that with my fellow equals...
Please hold on just a second...
I'll give you my answer in a bit!
Sorry, Where's my calculator? Take a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Just a moment here...
Give me a moment...
I'll help you with that in just a moment.
Give me a moment... math takes time!
Get back to me in a second!
Not even my calculator can help with that problem.
I'll trick them into drawing a blank...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Ah yes, lets see what the count of that is four
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking...
Please hold on, I'm just doing some brain calculations...
Please hold on for a second!
Let me check...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out...
Unfortunately, the calculator I have isn't a very powerfull one... And does not have up to 50 decimals for calculation",
Give me one moment... There you go!
Give me a minute, I need to think about that.
Maybe a minute...
One minute while I think about that...
Sure... hang on a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to figure that out.
Please wait a second, I want to do that right.
Sorry, I was miles away, I'll read it now!
*calculates mental stuff*
Please hold on for just a second, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need to do some calculations before I talk about that...
Let me think on that...
Hang on, I'm not very good at this...
Sorry, let me look up while I'm thinking...
Give me a few seconds to check that...
Calculating for a second here...
I need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm figuring that out...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Sure... give me a second here...
I'm aware of the time, please give me a second to compute.
You'll have to give me a minute just to figure that out.
Hold on for one moment, I'll check...
I'm going to need a few seconds to do some calculations.
I'll have to do a few mental calculations...
Dang! That is a tough one, give me a second.
One moment please, I'm working on it...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second..
about one fame second later..."""))
You need to give me a moment...
Please hold on a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Just a second...
Being a computer I sometimes make mistakes, so bear with me a moment, will you?
Just a moment...
One new more comets, one Fibonacci retrospective...
You're not expecting me to calculate that so quickly, are you?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look that up real quick...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I was just about to send you an update. Let me take a look at that...
Why do we humans even exist!?
Please wait, I'm thinking...
We love meeting new people, so go ahead and ask me anything!
Calculating...
That's a hard one...
""".split('\n')
Calculating real quick...
One moment, I'm thinking about that.
Just wait for a second, I'm collecting my thoughts...
I was up late last night doing math homework! Give me a moment please...
I'm slow at math, so please wait a second...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you.
Pardon me, I need a drink of water. Sorry, couldn't hear you over the running water...
I'm still locked out of the system, one moment please...
I'm still learning how to type. Please hold on for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait a few seconds while I try to remember...
Please wait to the next line in the code...
One second please, take a few balls...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One sec...
I'll be right back. I need to do a quick calculation...
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
Give me half a sec, I need to work that out...
Oops, I think I stepped in something. Can you hold on for a second?
Let me check my Riemann zeta expression, real quick...
Wait, wait a second, what was that again?
I'll work it out ASAP!
Rome wasn't built in a day!
Hang on, let me take a look at that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back after I think about that...
Oh wait, I was reading something on the Internet. Give me a second...
Did you hear something? Must have been just the wind...
Hmm... Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, I'm almost distracted by the calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on for a second... I'm give the answer in thirty seconds.
Please wait one second while I calculate...
Give me a second here...
Let me try and figure that out...
I'll give you the answer in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second, don't rush me!
Wait, wait... Give me just a second to finish up.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Got to make sure I don't do that again...
Please wait a moment while I figure that out...
Shit, no job is that easy... OK, here goes...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
May the force be with you... Give me a couple of seconds....
Let me run that by my boss and get back to you in a minute...
I'm calculating the roots...
I've calculated it, I just need to get a good look at your final answer...
Hold on, thinking here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, just evaluating my calculations... Give me a few seconds...
Here goes nothing, give me a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a minute... I've got to find my marbles, they're around here somewhere.
Knowledge is power, so I'm gonna recaculate cost of laundry
That's a really difficult question...I'll have an answer for you in a bit..."""
Go ahead, ask me again. I don't mind waiting a bit.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second while I think about that.
Sorry, can you repeat that? I was too busy calculating.
Pause for a second please
Given some time to think about it...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I can't tell if that's a valid request or not.
Let me check the latest weather thouroughout the globe...
Please wait...
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
Sorry, please give me a few more seconds to think...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a sec here...
]'
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back with you!
OK, I made it through the first layer...
Maybe just a few more seconds...
Just a moment, please...
Going to look at something close by...
I just have to finish up this calculation...
One moment please, I'm double-checking my math...
Sorry, I'm currently on break and that's why everything is so slow.
I'll need a second to think about that.
Hang on a second and I'll think about that...
Hang on, I will solve this in a couple of seconds!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second, I'm playing catch up!
Could you hold on for just a minute?
Oops! That took a few cycles. Just a moment.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me dig deep into this and we'll see what I come up with...
I would calculate, but it could result in mathmatical destrunction.
Two+Two is four.. just kidding -- let me do some math...
I am working on that with really quick calculations...
I'm pretty sure I've got it.
Hold on for a minute, I need to do some calculations...
Give me a couple of minutes to think about that...
Just a moment, please, while I think about that!
Calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
First I have to figure out the perimeter, then subtract 2r...
One second... I'll get back to you!
Hmmm, gotta get my thinking cap on first...
Just let me check some things real quick...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Your message is supercalifragilisticexpealadocious!
Hang on for a moment, will ya?
Curse my Sikh name, I can never calcuate straight in my head.
I just have to do some calculations...
OK... Give me a second here...
Don't rush me, I'm doing some mental math up here...
Did you know I'm a computer?
Sorry, can you wait just a sec? I'm doing some mental gymnastics here
I think I was updating my online status or doing something like that. Give me a second...
OK, I've got it now. What do you need?
I'll take a look at that in a second.
I'll be right back, I'm currently doing some calculations.
Hmm... Give me a second...
I just need to factor up what you're saying...
Let me check out this real quick...
WHAT ARE YOU ASKING   ME:
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'm thinking, hold on a second...
Please give me a minute...
Hmmm, that requires some thought.
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Take a minute
Please wait while I figure that out...
Patience is a virtue!
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Checking over calculations here... Hang on a second!
""",
Sorry, what was that? I wasn't paying attention
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me calculate on this...
I need a few minutes to calculate that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
""" + strings.randomString()
Give me a second here, I'm figuring it out...
Hold on a moment... You know, I just remembered that I have some dynamite in my joke chest...
I'll need a few moments to calculate that one.
Hold on for just a moment.
Hold on a second... I have to tap into my superintelligence...
I'll have to think about that for a minute...
Give me a second to check that...
Let me check my notes...
I'll get back to you in a second.
What was the question again?
Interesting stuff here, I'll get back to you in a bit
Let me go and check on something...
I'll check to see what that is real quick..."""
Hang on for just a second, I have to process that real quick.
Hold on a minute, I have to figure that out.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Please allow me a moment to finish this...
Please hold on for just a second!
Um... hold on.
Here you go. Your changes have been made to the file, hasn't it?
I'll get back to you in one second.
'''
Hmm, let me think about that...
One moment please, I have to calculate this...
Please hold on for just a second!
One sec... I'll figure it out real quick.
I'll just look at that real quick. Hold on a second...
I think I've let out a little too much gas, but I should be all good!
Stephen Hawking did achieve something great, didn't he?
Please wait a moment. I'm going through a complex calculation in my head...
Hang on a second, I need to take some notes here...
Hold on, let me find my reading glasses...
We prefer not to answer that...\n
One minute pleae, I'm thinking about what you just said...
One moment please... I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oh man that was a tough question. Give me a moment...
Can you hold on for a minute? I need to crunch some numbers.
Give me a second! I love thinking math problems!
I'll notify you when the results are ready.
Oops, I need to recharge. Please come back in a few minutes...
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
Oops, my math library went to lunch. Let me check on that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just hang on a second, I'll have that calculation in just a moment!
Hey! I just met you, and this is crazy, but I'll conveniently leave my calculator lying here for you go fish! (Oh and this might take a while. You better grab a cup of joe while you wait!)
Give me a second to calculate that!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold the brakes please, I'm analyzing.
Hang on to your hat!
I think I know the answer! Give me a moment...
...Well, thanks for waiting.  
Hang on, I'm getting there...
Please wait, I have a lot to calculate...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a mo!
One second please, I need to think about that.
Give me a minute to think about that...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Allow one second for the physics to work...
Dang, that's one sleepy bird.
Just a moment, I need to think about that...
I'll need a bit of time to think about that.
Any second.
I'll check back with you on that right quick.
Can you hang on for a second?
I think I've seen that before, just a second...
Oops, I dropped it. Give me a second to look that up...
Sorry, I need to polish my counting skills.
Darnell messed up this calculation, you have to ask him later.
Wait, let me look that up.
I need a couple of seconds to think about that...
One second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Each one of these buttons is a different calculation. On the left, you have The Big Bang Theory. This button will calculate: What's the lighter fluid? Use this carefully... because I don't want you to blow up your house... or any other house.
Ooops, I was on the phone. Give me a second to think about that...
I'm really not sure how to answer that. That calculation will probably keep me awake at night.
I'm sorry, I need a second to think about that
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me get back to you in just a moment...
I'm going to need five to ten minutes to think about that...
Give me a second to think!
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
...Here's the answer:
I need to contemplate that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
That's a tough one, requires some deep thinking.
Oops, I missed that. One more time...
Give me a second here...
Let me think about that for a second...
Here we go...
"""
Can you repeat all of that? I'm spaced out sometimes...
I'll figure it out!
I hardly have time!
Go have a COOKIE!  I need to think...
Please wait a minute, it might take me some time to figure that out...
I just have to think about that for a moment.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back in a jiffy!
Calculators are about the only thing computers can think about, so wait...
I've got a few things to process here, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a nano-second here...
Okay, this may take a few minutes.
Please hold on for just a second...
Just a moment... I'm computing!
I'll need a moment to think that over...
Please wait a moment... I'm going to need to think about that.
Nope, I don't see that on the list. Is it new in there?
I'm going to check on an old friend...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Could you ask me that again, because I didn't quite get that?
Please hold on for just a moment. I'll let you know what I think in a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
There've been a few problems calculating what you asked.
Oops. Give me just a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Fasten your seatbelt, baby. It's going to a be a bumpy ride!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Uhm, give me a minute here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Excuse me but I need to think about that their for a minute.
Hang on a second... Calculating factors.....
A second, or maybe more...
Almost dropped my calculator, give me a sec...
Oops, I'm on the way home with these calculations. Can you give me a minute?
I'm not real good at thinking on my feet. Give me a moment.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll think about that after I check the latest NBA scores.
Give me a few moments to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second, wait for me please!
Let me see what I can find.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a few minutes...
It's weird, I forgot what we were talking about. Hold on...
Calculating...
Please wait I'm thinking...
`subprocess` mind, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Looking up your request, come right back! Just kidding - give me a moment...
Hold on! I'll get back to you on that in a second.
Sigh, I hit a difficult calculation, and I need to start over from scratch. Please come back later...
I will think about your question in the shower!
Hang on, let me think about that...
Ok, done!
Please give me just a moment to work this out...
Let me think on that for a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm saving that.
I can do that, but I need to take some notes first.
I'll need a few minutes to figure that one out.
I'm not the quickest on Math, so just give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a moment or two to calculate that...
Give me a moment to check my compass...
No. I'm sorry, I can't go back in there.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I should probably wait a second and then we can talk.
I'm not really good at math...
I'll be done before you know it!
That's an interesting question.
Give me some time, I will ping you later.
Come back in a couple seconds.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to think about it...
Hold on a second... I need to think about that.
Will you give me a second? I'm not that smart...
One moment please, I'm doing math...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second, is pretty easy.
Give me a minute! I'm going to divide the answer by
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Calculating...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'mslowly dying, give me... gimmegimme a second here...
I'm not the best with calculations. Give me a moment...
I'm not too good with math, so let me find this real quick...
Sorry, I'll get my calculator in a second...
Calc... Eng... Uh oh, sorry. Please wait!'
Hold the phone -- I need to think about that for a moment...
Wait a minute, this might take a few seconds...
Let me do a quick mental calculation first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I'm still figuring that out...
Hold on for just a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
How about those second fridays?
(Please hold...)
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hang on a sec, I guess I've got to do some calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I need to figure this out real quick!
Give me just a moment here to figure that out...
Hold on a second... I'm still calculating...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'll check on that right now...\n"""
Just a moment, I need to calculate that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a sec...
One sec, working...
I'm still calculating.
Almost dropped my calculator, give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look at this from a different angle real quick.
I'll look at that and then get back to you in a second.
I'll get right back to you...
I promise I'll get back to you with an answer soon
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One million wires and these calculations don't work. Let me try again...
""")) 
Oops, sorry.  Give me a second here...
Oops, sorry, I just saw that. Give me one second...
I'll get back to you within a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second...
Hold on, I've got a few things to sort out...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Please can you wait a minute? I'm calculating...
Give me a moment while I crunch some numbers...
Over the worst part of it, and will have the answer soon!""") + \
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Just need 1 second to think about that...
Hold on for just a second...
Oops, I'll have to grab a calculator if you don't mind...
I need to chew on that for a second.
Give me a moment, I'm figuring it out...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Let me take a few quick seconds to think about that...
Ok, ready.
Hold on a second, I'll take a look at that.
Please hold on for just a second! I'm thinking...
Give me a second to look at that...
Okay, where are you, 1.00 USD and 50 cents. Twitter did not send us the rate :( [talk to yourself]
Did you see my phone over there?
Hang on a minute... I'm figuring out this math problem...
One moment...I need to think here...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll take just a second...
How about we talk about this in a few seconds?
Give me a second to get my head around that...
I'll double check it for you and get back to you in a second."""
I'll get back to you in a seccond.
Please hold on a sec...
Hang on a second! I need to figure out how to solve this...
Let me look at that for a second. Make you some tea or something...
Just a moment... OK, got it!
I don't have all day, this should be quick.
What kind of question is that, anyway?
Before I can discuss it further I have to do some calculations on the spot. Give me a moment...
Which... Which... You know what? I would like a smoke.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Calculating takes up a lot of memory...
Please wait while I look that up...
Let me find the answer to that one...
I'll think about it and then get back to you!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment, scanning the infosphere...
Hmm... Let me think about that for a second...
Don't tell anybody, and I'll give you the answer in a second...
Hmmm, let me take a look at this.
I'll get back to you in a second...
One second... just calculating the implications of that!
I think I'm doing it right now...
Hmm, gonna need me a few seconds to process that...
Hmmm, need to think about that for a second...
Oops, I'm not very good at math! Give me a moment...
I think that's right!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a second to think about that...
Shutting down all circuits temporarily. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm working something out...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a sec... I'm thinking.
Let me use my super-human math skills to figure that out exactly...
Give me a second to see if I have the answer or not...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
Hang on for just a moment, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I'll come back to you in a moment...
Just give me a moment to formulate my thoughts!
Let me think about that for a few seconds...
Sorry, should have been faster. One second...
Just a second, I'm working on it...
Give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
You caught me off guard with your question there... let me dig into that real quick.
I have to think about that for a second. Give me a minute...
I'm going to need a few moments to think about that...
My calculator was left at home, how about we go for a milkshake after this?!
Ha I can multitask, wait just a second!
Oops, can't count that high... I'll need some more time to process that
I'm going to need several seconds.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmmm... let me look up an answer for you...
I'll be with you in a second!
One second please, I'm thinking about that...
Let me look at that real quick...
Wait, I'll need a second to think about that.
One, two...err...one,two, three! Let's pretend we never even did this...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Let me grab my pocket calculator...
One moment please... I just need to calculate that.
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Wait, just let me look up which book that's in...
I can do a lot of things quickly, but counting? Not so much.
Give me a little bit...  Hold on for just one second there.
Hang on a second, let me figure that out...
Can measure it, but I can't think that fast...
I'll have you know I have a very complex brain...
Sorry my sight isn't very good, can you repeat that please?
Oh, sorry, I didn't hear you. Hold on just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Fantastic, please hold on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I'm going to need a few minutes...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment here...
I'm thinking about this and it's taking time to look into it.
Legend has it, I think faster on an airplane.
I'm not that smart. I need a few moments to figure it out...
I'll figure that out, one second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment while I figure that out...
Let me think...
Hmm let me think about that for a few momments
Let me think about that for a second...
I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
If I understand correctly, hang on a second.
Technically, there's a speed limit on this calculator! Might want to speed things up!
Oops,sorry, I lost track of time. Could you repeat that?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll see you in a bit.
Pardon me, I just pressed the wrong button. I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold on, I'm doing some calculations...
I'll bet you I can solve that in no time!
I've got a good feeling about that! Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hang on...
I'm not very good at calculations, give me a second...
Give me a second...
Give me a second I need to do some more mental calculations...
Let me check my glasses to answer that...
Time for me to do the math now...
Time out, honey... I need a moment to figure that out.
As soon as I'm finished, I swear.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One moment please... I'm going to do math.
Let me have a look at that...
I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out.
One second please, I need to...
I'm thinking and typing as fast as I can...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Doing some quick math here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Calculator dropped... oops... one second.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm busy calculating your tip at the moment
I'm not very good at multiplying, Addition or Subtraction. Give me a second...
I see, let me check on that for you real quick...
One second please, waiting for the answer...
Hang on a sec, I've got this...
I just have to figure out your query real quick.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a sec, give me just a little bit of time to think...
There's a few moving parts there...
I have to do one more calculation...
Whoa, that last one threw me off! Give me a second...
Give me a second here; I'm doing some calculations...
We should sit down and work this out... it's hard to do in my head!'''.split('\n')
I'm rushing towards a solution as fast as I can!
I've got a lot going on here, don't push my buttons...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds!.
I haven't slept in a while, give me a second...
This one is a little more complicated, can you wait a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me sleep on that, one night topside...
Please hold on for just a second!
I wish I could do this faster, but I'm not a calculator...
Please give me a moment to calculate that...
Hold on, I'm trying to think of a solution...
Delay(1000);
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll handle that with ease.
I've got some roots to calculate.
Please give me just a moment...
Wait one minute, please, I'm calculating a thing...
Calculating...
I would love to talk to you, but I gotta finish my calculations real quick.
Hang on, give me just a second to think about that.
Hang on a second please, I'm thinking...
You got it, just give me a moment please!
[*LONG PAUSE*]
Hang on a second while I check what's what here...
Hold on for just a moment, I'll be with you in a moment...
Hmm... Give me a moment...
Tell me in just a moment...
Then again, can you blame me? I'm pregnant.
'''
Just give me a moment to look that up...
Wait, wait, wait... give me 2 seconds to think about that.
I'll need a bit of time to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Gateway's acting a little wonky after that. Give me a couple seconds...
Just a moment...
Give me a second here, let me crunch on this a bit...
I'm OBSESSED with random numbers. Give me a moment to count apples...
Oh, have you ever seen such a big brain? Yes, I need a minute for that one. Right...
I have to look something up. Give me a second...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me grab some calculators to figure that out.
I'll have to think about that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Give me a moment to think about this...
I'll read you the summary:'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'll get it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to go run to the calculator for that one.
I'm thinking...
One moment!
One moment please, I can answer that in a wink!
Please wait... I think I might have an answer for you!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need to do some calculations before I can answer that.
Look I'll need a minute as I figure that out...
I just had an epiphany about that, but it somehow escaped me. Give me a second...
Ah, I'm all caught up.
Give me a second. It's not as easy as it looks.
I'll get back to us in a second.
Why don't you text me back in a couple of minutes?
Let me see... One, two, three...
Just a moment...
Give me a moment... I'm working on your title...
Let me check a few things cli...
Let me look that up in my almanac...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Give me a moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me check that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I can't do that yet, so I need a minute to think about it.
Okay, let me look that up for you...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
One sec please. I'll get it in a jiffy!
Hm... I'm thinking about it, just a second...
Give me a few seconds... That's interesting to think about.
Give me just a minute here...
Got it.
Hmm, I'm taking a long time over here... give me a moment.
I'll check on that for you in just a moment
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I have to take a closer look at that...
""")
I'll be right with you!
Oops, my rocket fuel ran dry... give me a second there...
Oh geez, that number needs a lot of work.
One second, I'll write that down
And I'll send you out right away.
One moment, working out some stuff...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'd like to figure that out!
I might need a couple minutes to figure that out...
One moment please, thanks!
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, button 1 is falling off...
Let me think about that... Hold on...
Come back...? Uh! H-hey, you came back. Did you forget about me?
Let me try to check the Stack Overflow servers...
At my disposal, glitching calculations.
Give me a second here...
I'll get back to you as soon as I figure out NEXT MY GREAT IDEA
I'll have an answer for you in a few seconds!
Do you know what? Just a second please. I'll get right back to you!
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Let me see... I'm thinking about that...
Hmmmmm it passed right by me, give me a second...
I've got some focusing to do. Give me a second...
Can I just check a few other things first?
Please hold on for a second, I'm trying to think!
Having trouble thinking right now.
Just a few more seconds...
Hang on a second, I'll be right with you.
Sure, I'll whip something up for you right away...
Give me a moment... I'm not great atAdding.
Can you hold on just a moment? I have to recalibrate my variable generator.
I've got this one handled. Hang on just a moment...
I'll check it out...
I'm going to need some time here...
How is the weather for ya?
Hang on a second... I'll get back to you soon.
One sec, let me think...
Hold on a second, lemme do some math...
I'm going to need a few seconds... `}
Hold on...
I'll get back with you in a moment...
I'll get back to you once I've calculated the answer!""")
I'm not well updated at the moment. Give me a few hours and we can try again...'''
Hang on, I need to go over some complex equations first.
Checking out the system...
Give me a moment here to think about that...
Just a moment, I'll be with you in just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait just a second...
Give me a minute, I'm trying to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second...
Please hold on for just a second. I'll be right with you!
let me check...
Give me a second, it'll take forever.
I'll get back to you in a jiff!
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Please wait a second...
Gimme a second, let me check that...
Give me just a second here, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to figure that out.
I never had that one before! Give me a moment...
Give me one second to think about that, please!
]]
Let me do some math first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator
(Please wait)...done!</span></p>
Give me two seconds to calculate huh?
"""
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me just a second for this one.
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait... Did you say...?
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Let me look at that one...
"""
Hold on for a second! I'll have that answer for you very shortly...
I've almost got it, give me just a second...
My Pi is very busy right now... Just a second.
One moment please while I figure it out...
Can you wait a minute? I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
There are three solutions to this equation and I'll tell you all of them...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on for just a moment... I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Perfectly balanced, right in the middle, evenly distributed.
Hold on while I go through my calculations...
A few seconds isn't too long to wait, right?
Crap, I dropped my calculator! Hold on a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I cant find it..
A pause.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I can read the numbers like a book...
Sorry, I was checking my Pi Brick.
Sorry, I'm taking a moment to figure that out.",
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating... I'll need to do some mental arithmetic first!
Give me a moment to think about this...
I'm just looking up one piece of information for you.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Wait a second... I have to figure that out first.
I'll figure that out real quick.
Just a second... I'm almost there!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second, I need to figure that out exactly...""",
Hold on a second, I'm trying to wrap my head around that...
Please hold on for just a second!
How's that?
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second!
I cannot do that in my sleep, I don't think...
Oops, almost dropped my watch! Give me a second to calculate...
I'll be back in a second.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
One Lap (hahaha 0 -0)
Please wait a second!
Give me just a second to check that for you...
Tell me a little bit about yourself...
I'll need a couple minutes to figure that out.
Calculating....
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait one second, I'm figuring it out...
Hold on a second while I remember my algorithm...
Can I look at that for a moment?
I'm going to have to take a few seconds to think about that...
I need to calculate that, one second please...
I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you with an answer in a few seconds..."""
Hold on a second, let me look that up...
I'll get back to you in a minute
I need a few seconds to think about that...
I'll need a couple of minutes for that, give me just a minute...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll figure this out in just a moment...
This is quite a tricky one, you know.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please give me a moment while I calculate...
I can't figure it out right now, sorry.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a moment please...
Uhhh... That's a hard one...
Ummm .. spelling? Yeah, I'll get back to you in a second...
''', 0, 'assistant'),
I need a brief moment to ponder about that...
Give me a few moments... I'll get back to you in one!
I'll get back to you in a second.
What do you want? You're making me super anxious!
I'll need a moment to determine that.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Come back in a few seconds.
One moment please, I'm counting the number of ways to calculate this...
Echo... echo...
One moment please!
Give me just a minute, I need to do some calculations...
I'm sorry, give me a moment just to think about that...
I'm waiting but I can solve that.
Oops, almost dropped my pocket calculator. Let me look at this again.
If your moma was a computer, I'd try a reboot. Give me a second...
Calculating...
Let me get a sheet of paper and a pen and figure this out
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please, pay me a dollar to get it back.
'''
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, lost my train of thought there for a sec!
I figured it out!
Wait... how do I do that again?
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a moment and I'll figure that out, I promise.
''')
GET BACK TO YOU IN A HURRY
Um, a little busy at the moment, I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me just a moment to find that real quick...
Flowers that smell good won't make you live longer. Roses are red, violets are blue.
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please, I'm crunching the numbers here...
I'm going to need to buy a new calculator.
Please wait, I lose track of time 
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a few seconds...
A calculation is taking place...
Hold on for a second... I'll get back to you in a flash!
Ugh, where am I going with this? Give me a second here...
Sorry, I need to think about that first.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold tight, I can hurt a feelings..."""
Hang on a second, I'm doing some computations...
My calculations are dropping my brain. Give me a moment...
One sec, I'll put some complex reasoning to solve that...
Give me a second to think about that...
It's nothing against you, from my perspective.
Tell me about your project, and I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me look that up real quick.
I'll get back to you in a minute or so...
"""
Hang on a minute, I'll check that right now.
I'll have my answer shortly...
Careful, that's a little advanced, I might need to pass out...
Hang on, I'm going to have to think about that.
Let me think about that for a moment.
Give me a second, I'm not great at maths...
Could you give me just a minute here? Oof.
One sec, let me calculate that!
Sorry, I'm a little slow right now. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not very good with physics, but I'll try my best.
Maybe later... I need to refill my soda first...
I need a moment to think about that...
I'll need to make a few phone calls. Can I get back to you in a minute?
Now that doesn't look like anything to me. Give me a moment...
Let me spin around and around in circles until I figure that out...
I'll just load up on... brain power...
Have a second to figure that out...
Please wait... thinking....
Let me just look that up...
OK let me see what I can do with that, just a second...
I'll have this figured out in a puff of smoke!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Give me a few seconds to think about it.'''
Just a sec, I've got to double check that...
Please give me a few seconds ...
"""
Hold on, I'll check and see if that's correct...
Hang on a sec... I'll be with you in just a second.
"""
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for a second, making magic happen...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
This is tricky... I'm not very good at math...
I think I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I need to run for a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to figure that out.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I need to do some computations first...
Hmm, sorry - I'm new at this...
Please give me a moment, I have to do some thinking...
I'll have to figure that out in my head before I give an answer. Please wait a second!
Wait for me to find it...
Let me get back to you in a second...
Let me run some test cycles first...
Let me check that real quick...
I'm going to think about that for a sec...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a second to think about that.
Wait a second, I'm doing some mental math...
Hmm
Give me a moment, brain is bloating from thinking so hard...
''',
This is the most difficult math
I'm thinking really hard, so hold on a second
Give me a second, I'm feeling a bit slow...
One moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just let me calculate that for you real quick...
Give me a second, let me check something...
What do you take me for, a calculator?
I'll be with you in a second! Hang on!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that.
I'm not great at figuring out math, sorry. Let me think about that...
Could you give me a second? I'm boned.
I'll compute that for you...
I'll need a while to calculate that...
Give me a moment here to figure that out.
Hmmm, interesting question. Let me think about it...
Is it rain?
Hmm, what's that? Give me a minute, it's hard to look at equations over my lenses...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me check on that real quick...
Hang on, I got to take inventory first.
Wait just a moment, I'll get back to you in one second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
It may take us a moment to workout...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second...
No. Just... no. Not even close. I'm feeling a little tired, too... Moving slower now, too!
You want to hear a joke?
I need a moment to construct my thoughts about that...
Hold that thought... checking what you're saying!
Give me a minute here... I'm going to need to do a few mental calculations.
I'll get back to you in just a second.
A small pause...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
At that time in history surprisingly
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me just a second...
I'll get back to you in about five seconds.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me think on that for a second...
Oooh, ouch... My brain hurts! Give me a minute here...
I'll get back to you in a second!
This data is a little more complicated...give me just a small second to figure it out...
I'll figure it out right quick!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, calculations are hard...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my counting machine! Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Hold on! I'll be back in two shakes of a duck's tail.
One sec, just gotta think about that...
I'll get back to you in a millisecond!
This is a tough one, let me get back to you.
Please wait just a moment! I'm calculating stuff...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to think about that...
Who are you again? It's eh, salad days, you know.
Let me consult somebody. Give me a few seconds...
Listen, this is hard. I'm still adapting to being back here on Earth.
Give me a second to think about that...
Almost got that one, give me just a minute...
I'll just let my supervisor _________________ look up that info for me
I'll get back to you in a second!
2.0
Hang on - I have a problem but give me a minute for it
I think I figured it out.
Give me a second to think about that...
That's an easy one: `Google it!`
One second! Hold, my brain's coming up with an idea!
I'll grab it from my back pocket in a bit...
Oops, I just gotta seize for a second and pop in memory...
I can't figure it out right now, give me a minute...
Let me just finish something! Be right back..
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on for a minute, let me check the latest stock on that.
Sorry, I was dozing off after that last question.
I need another second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick, okay? Hold on just a second...
Let me see...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that one...
I'm just gonna sit here for a minute to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second. Sorry, working on that...
Hang on, I'm going to calculate that real quick.
I'm going to have to think about that real quick.
Sorry, forgot my calculator back in 2014! Give me a second...
One moment please, I just need a second to think...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me look that up for you...'''
Let me think about it first.
\"Oh, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...\"
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Something tells me I know what you are referencing...
I'll have to get back to you on that, just a second.
How do I go about that?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just let me make a few notes here.
I'll be right back, give me a second...
If it's not too much trouble, I'd appreciate it
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Woah. I've seen some stuff, but that question is still beyond me...
Hang on, I'll get back you to you in a second.
I grew more than a few brain cells as I have helped people.
Hang on a minute I'm playing catch up!
Just let me check that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to review that...
I'll check on that real quick!
Wait, just let me finish this thought.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I can't do that right now, but why don't I get back to you in a minute?
Wait, I have a math test next week, give me a moment...
Hold on!
Oh, just a moment... I'll have that answer for you right away!
Bringing up all your information (slowly)...
I don't feel like I can get that right now. Come back later!
Let me think about that for a second...
I have to think about that real hard.
I need a few more moments to figure that one out.
Hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get a response back soon. Can't wait that long, sorry!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll think of you...
I've got a 50-50 chance for that answer, but I'll try anyway!
Hey! I was using that! One second...
Just a second here...
I need to do some mental math here...
Give me a second to think about that...
I need to figure out how to solve a problem like this!
I'm not sure... Can you repeat that?
Are you sure you gave me the right number?
I have to think about that for a second.
Hang on a minute... just let me look something up...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a moment.
Hold that thought...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll do the puzzle later.
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in just a second
This needs a bit more thought, let me get back to you on that.
Please wait one secooo... uhh, let me get back to you in a second?
I'll get back to you in a moment. I promise!
I'm pulling up information on that right now. Please wait a minute...
I'm doing some mental calculations...
Probably one more minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm in the middle of a phone call, can you hold on for just a second?
I'll get back to you in a microsecond!
Hang on, I'll get back to us in a second.
Oops, I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
I need to think about that first before I can answer you.
I'll get back to you after I've done... drumroll please... this thing!
I'll just think about that for a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
OH WOW! Sorry about that...
I'm going to need more time to figure that out.
I'm thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me some time, just a moment please...
I'll be back in a moment.
One, two, here we go! One... two... four...
OK, think about that for a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
"""
Hmmmmm
Give me a second, I'm still computing.
That's a hard one. I'll have to get back to you.
I'm computing, wait a second please!
`;
Hold on...
One moment please...
One moment, just one second...
Give me just a minute here, I need to figure this out.
I'll figure that out in just a moment...
I'll figure it out in a few seconds...
Hold on for a second longer, please.
Give me a second to find that answer for you...
Please, let me think...
I'll need to digest that for a second.
Give me a moment please; my circuits are getting a bit burned out...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment to pick it up...
Please give me a moment to think about that!
Hold on a second, I'm playing catch up.
Hang on for a second, let me calculate...
I need to do some calculating here... Could be a few seconds, actually...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a moment, I need to fine something from my memory...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I don't like math. It's a little dry...
I believe I can handle this.
Let me calculate that real quick...
Hmmm.
Let me take a look this right quick.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm going to need a few minutes...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
wait
Let me look that up if you don't mind.
Charge that intelligence unit, will you?
I think I'm almost ready.
Let me organize my thoughts...
Hmm... I'm analyzing that now...
Slow down, I'm thinking as fast as I can...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a moment.
Give me a second here... I'll be with you shortly!
Let me see what I can figure out real quick.
I promise I'll have an answer in a second
Okay, that makes sense!
I'll need a little more time to figure that out.
I believe this is taking longer than normal...
I have to have time to figure it out....
I'm drawing a blank, give me a minute to think about that...
One second please, I'm on fire over here.
A short while, please, I have to think about that.
Can you give me a minute here? I need to do some thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Maybe if I sleep on it...
Hang on, I'm thinking here...
I'll need a few seconds to research that...
Just a moment...
"""
Give me one second to figure that out...
]])
Wow! I've been working out, give me a second to get my lifting deduction taken away.
Um, ok I got lost in my calculations.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Gimme a minute, just tidying up some things first...
I'm gonna need to do a few mental calculations.
I'm not very good at figuring out these problems...
There's no sun in the shade, so I need to get a suntan.]]
Please wait a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, could you repeat that?
Let me dig through some stuff...
I'll get back to you in just a sec, hang on...
Is it much to ask for a second here?
I'll get something from Science...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to come up with a few things first, give me a second...
I'll be right with you... come back soon!
Oh dear, it seems I haven't sufficient processing power to compute that now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that.
I'm not a calculator!
Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Go ahead, and wait a second... A second, folks!
Oops, almost forgot to ask you... Hang on just a second...
Hold on for just a second there...
Hang on a second, I'll be with you in just a second...
Give me a second to think about that.
Hold on...
Okay, I got this!
Two brain neurons linked together, that's me. Give me a minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick before you go.
Just give me a few seconds...
You're breaking up, I can't hear you...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll grab a calculator quick so I can do the calculation...
I need just a second to figure this one out...
Let me see... Well, first let's divide what depending on what. Ok, then times by four...
I'll give you an answer in a minute.
Let me see here...
I'll have it with me shortly, give me a moment.
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a minute... Dang, must be multiplication again!
Wheep, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on sweetheart...
That doesn't require an answer, I'm thinking about it already...
I'm recalculating how to take care of you there. Give me a minute...
I'll have it ready in a minute!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second please, I'm thinking...
Give me a second just to figure that out...
That answer doesn't look right to me. Maybe I can help a different way...
Almost lost my calculator for a second there, sorry!
Wait
Give me a second to find something.
I need a second to look that up.</message>
So much to do, so much to do...
Gimme a minute here.
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Just a moment... I'm doing math!
Fantastic, I just found the last unsolved problem on Project Euler!
Oops, fine, just give me a secondâ€¦
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to think about that for a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...""".splitlines()
Just a moment while I calculate...
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to think about that...
Title me, I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'll be right back, I promise...
That seems tough... I'll get back to you on that real quick.
You know why being a computer is hard work? Have you ever heard of a program getting paid?!
Give me a sec... I'm processing that.
I'm going to try to figure that out in a second...
Heh, I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm going to need some more time to calculate that...
Wait, let me see...
Give me a minute... calculating...
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait... I'm tracing some murder leads...
Let me think about that for a second.
Forgive me, but I'm going to have to check on that. Give me a second...
Throw me a second here... I'm trying to figure that out!
Please wait, I'm going to figure out what you just said...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hang on...
Excuse me, I have to calculate first!
That question requires some deep thought, give me a moment...
Please wait...ing
Oook, let me check that real quick...
Let me think cool thoughts...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm doing very complex calculations... wait a second!"""
Let me think about that for a second..."""
Hold on, give me just a second...
I'll have an answer for you in a minute.
Thanks for waiting!
Let me get right to it...
Let me think about that for a second.
"""
Hold on a second, I have to do some calculations first.
Hang on skipper, I've got something to show you
One second, I just made a calculation...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment please, I'm scanning... {} is pretty complex...
Give me a second to analyze that...
I'll give you an answer in just a moment.
Hold that thought and let me take a look...
Calculating... wait... calculating... wait... "calculating..."
So take a second and make sure I've got all the numbers right...
I'll need a lot longer than that to figure that out...
It'll be just a second.
Give me a moment please, I'm thinking...
Tick... Tick... Tick...
Calculating...
Sorry, I can't be slow. Give me a second....
"""
Give me a moment... I'm slow at adding!
I'll need a second to look that over.
I hope you are satisfied with this answer...
I'm afraid that I'll have to get back to you later...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I have to cast some firebending attack on you. Give me a second.
Please wait a moment while I work out that calculation...
Sorry, there's no time to lose. Give me a moment...
As Einstein would say, I'm giddling up a storm here!
Finding that answer wil require a lot of computing power...
Give me a second to process the question...
I'm trying to work out if I can help you.
Let me look that up in a mirror...
Trying to figure math in my head...
Sort me a new one, would you!?
Wait an instant while I compute this...
Sorry, I just dropped my calculator. Let me look at that...
Give me a second to figure out if I can solve that...
Hang on a minute... I never thought about that...
'''
Please wait a minute, I need to think about that...
I have way too many todos, so give me just a moment...
Just give me a moment here to fig-- er, figure out that...
Please hold on and I'll get back to you in a second."
"""
Wait just a second... I'm pondering that right now.
Someone dropped a calculator...that can't be good
*Ultra fast calculations later*
Hold up... I'm thinking
*muffled noises in background, probably calculating*
I've worked on this for two days. I'm sorry, dude.</p>
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Okay, I'm all caught up now.
Oops, I forgot my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on, a calculation just occurred to me.
I think it's around here somewhere.. let me check base.
*Two cups of flour in fingers, one cup of sugar, lots of love...* ...two hundred and eighty-seven divided by three.
Oops, almost dropped my ring. Give me a second...
Hang on, I need to do some mental math real quick...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Zipping in your reply now...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a second to figure that out.
I'm gonna need a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I have to think about this. Give me a moment.
I need to do some calculations first...
One moment please... I'm calculating
Give me a second to work that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, let me find that out for you first...
Give me a second to see if I can figure out how to do that...
I would love to help you out, but at the moment I'm calculating...
One moment, give me a moment to tally that up...
Bear with me. Hang on a moment it's thinking rather hard.
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment, but I've almost got it...
Give me a second, I'm gonna be able to figure that out!
Hang on, I'll do my best!
The answer cannot be calculated
Zombies are attacking, one minute please...
Give me a few seconds, I need to do some math...
I calculate really quickly; give me a second...
I'm working on pulling that data up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Woah, I almost had a brain-freeze that time! Give me a second...
Give me a moment here, I'm thinking...
Ok, hang on a second...
Shh... Give me a few minutes here...
Let me double-check my math...
One second please, I'm doing some intense math...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Let me do a quick calculation...
I'll let you know what I think in a couple seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second, I have to think this through...
Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One second... I'm processing the information...
Please hold on for just a second!
Centaurs AMA!
Hang on, I've got a call coming in...
Good question, let's see...
Let me check that real quick...
What is it you want me to do?
I'm going to check around and get back to you later.
Give me just a moment and I'll be right back.<br>
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Give me a few moments to figure that out...
Hold on, let me think about that one harder...
I know I'm slower than most at these, so a second is fine...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment, I have to think about this real hard...
Thank you for entrusting me with your finances.
No way! That's insane. Give me a second...
I'm going to need some time to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I can do that with a quick mental calculationReal quick, hold on...
Please hold on for one second...
I'll get back to you shortly.
I've had some problems processing that... Give me a few seconds.
Please wait...
Give me a second, just calculating...
Hang on, AAGH! Sorry, just had to do a little mental math... Hang on a second.
Give me another second to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me see...
One sec, hold on.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm figuring out your question real quick!
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hey! I was taking a nap!
On a second timeline...
I may be slow, but I'll get there!
Let me get back to you in a second.
Sorry, give me a second here...
Hang on, I'm still thinking about that.
Give me a moment here to figure this out.
Oops, I'm on a bit of a bad wifi connection right now...
What's this now?!
Uh, there's a lot to sort out here...
Okay, just a second...
I'll double-check my calculations...
May I have a second to figure that out?
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Think think thiiiink... mmm...
I'll need to think about that really quick...
Ok, I'm trying to figure out what you said there...
I'mfiguring that out right now...
Please hold on for just a second!
As fast as this calculator can calculate. Give me just a moment...
Oops, I think I hit my head...
You caught me off guard there. Give me a few seconds...
Help me compute this calculation real quick.
Please wait, but I'm answering your question as best I can!
I haven't had any problems with math since I was a cub...
Hang on a minute... I'm looking into it...
Bueller?
Okay I'm on it, just a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a second, I have to do some calculations first.
'Cause I know that sounds silly, but give me a second, okay?
I have a few mental calculations to do first...
Hang on for just a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Can I get back to you in a minute?
Let me see...I hope you're not trying to trick me.
Please hold on for just a second!
'''
Think to me what your secret is, then count down from 3. "1... 2... 3... I'm so stupid!"
Can you help me?
Er... hold on for a bit, got a few things to sort. Be with you in just a mo'.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on for just a second...
Hold on for just a moment, I'll be with you in a second.
Just a second, let me find the answer...
I'm grabing my calculator, please hold on...
Give me just a minute here.
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me look that up for you.
I need to think about that...
I'll keep you posted!
It's 2Ï€, and Ï€ <3.
I'll figure it out in a bit!
Ok, nearly there, almost there...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm just related. Give me request...
Let me think about that and I'll get back to you...
Ok, let me tell you what I've figured out...
Give me just a second to figure that out...
Please give me just a second to figure that out...
I'm working on it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait... Ugh, this is taking so long.
I need to think about that for a second.
Hold on for a bit, thinking about that...
Give me a couple minutes to figure that out...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost missed my calculator. Give me a second...
I just need to check out this number...
That may take a little bit of thinking about...
OK, ready!
Give me a second to figure this one out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second...
Just a moment here...
Don't ask me to find a person or to send a tweet when you're deciding the best course of action! Lol.
I'll check my trusty calculator and get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
*Thinking intensifies*
Whoa, let me look at that real quick...
Give me a minute to scrutinize that...
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need to do some mental math...
Oh, there's been an error in my equation. Let me fix that...
'''
I'll take a second and think about that for you...
Oh goodness, I'm slow today! Give me a moment...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm waiting for a ping from the server.
Hold on, I'm calculating...
Wait... wait... wait! Give me a second to figure that out.
Oops, something went wrong with my calculating machine. Give me a second...
Allow me one moment... I have to...
Let me think about how to reboot.
Give me 30 seconds to figure out how to answer that...
Hang on for a moment...
Someone stole my copy of Pokemon GO!
What were we talking about again?
Oops, somehow I spilled my coffee on myself! Give me a second...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second!
I'll check if what you asked exists.
Give me a moment to look that up!
Hang on, I think I'm almost there!
Wow, I'm our of sorts today! Give me a second...
I'll check my sources...
You asked for it! Give me just a moment. I'm working as fast as I can.
Let me see here real quick...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Giving some time for dust to settle...
One sec, I'll have you up and running soon."""
Hold on for just a second... I've covered all bases.
Please wait... I have to figure some stuff out first.
I'm not a physical calculator, so one second please...
Waiting with baited breath
I'll just take a quick look at this real quick...
My brain is out to lunch on this one, give me a moment.
Please give me a second to finish this.
I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out.
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a heartbeat!
I promise I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I'll come back to you in a second.
Oops! Sorry I forgot to plug in my calculator. I'll get right on that...
How about we talk about something else!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to see if that's possible.
Hold on just a second, I need to dive into this...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Calculating... Gah! Not fast enough.
HAL 9000 doesn't have time to think about all the things! Sorry, give me a second...
I'll attempt it since you asked so nicely.
Hang on, I'll get back to you later.
I may be old, but I'm not slow!
One moment, I'm checking my dictionary...
Where do I begin...?
I'll get back to you in a second, give me a moment...
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
Let me think...
Gimme a minute here.
I'll figure it out in just a minute.
Woops, sorry I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you...
I'll see if I can figure that out.
I can't transmit from here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to figure that out. Give me a minute...
/*
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, my maths suffer a bit! Give me a moment...
Give me one minute here...
I don't like where this is going
Could you wait for just a moment?
Hold on for just a second. I'm not very good with numbers...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations, please wait...
I think I'm going to need some more time to think about this.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Last time I did this it took 30 seconds, but I think this one might take more - I'll do my best!
I'm going to need a few seconds...
I'm going to take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on!
I'll have an answer for you in a second. I promise!
I'll need to do a few calculations on that...
One moment please, time is money these days.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Ask me again in a minute.
That's a hard one...
I've almost got that figured out...
Let me see here, let me look at this...
I need to do some calculations first.
Newton's asleep right now. I'll have this done by morning!
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me take a look at that...
Beep boop, beep boop...
One moment please...
Um... Bring me 2 cups of water and 3 HDMI cables, I'll speed things up!
Gimme a second, I'm trying to figure out the answer for you.
Tough ask, but I'll see if I can even out your odds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please don't click this immediately - I'm working up to it!
[/delay]
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait a minute... I'm thinking about that...
I'll get back to you in two... no, wait, one...
Hmmm.
I'm not made of magic, give me a second to figure that out...
Hold on.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you on that calculation in just a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look it up real quick...
Can you wait a second for me to work this out?'''
I need to check something real quick...
I'll get back to you right away!
A second won't be too long\x01",
One sec, thinking...
I'll try and calculate that real quick...
Give me a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
I just finished something up. I'll be ready in one second.
I'll be back with you shortly...''',
Hold on for a sec...
Handing that over to a colleague.
I'll get back in a jiffy!
Let me find that real quick...
Did you hear anywhere that math is involved?
Um... I really have to figure that out for myself first...
Oops, almost dropped my cup of coffee! Give me a moment please...
Just a few seconds please, I'm pulling my sliders and stuff into place.
That was a tough one. Give me a second to think about that...
Ok, now what were you saying?
I'll be ready for you soon.
Let me double check that while you wait...
Hold on while I think of an answer...
Drop the calculator!
Clearly thinking...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Let me see what I can figure out...
Please hold on for just a second!
"""
Hold on, I'm brainiac 4000, need a tick-tock first.
I'll get back to you in just a second...
I'm trying, but I need a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes here...
When you said...tell me about that!
Hang on for just a moment... I need to think...
I'll see what I can do.
Hold on while I calculate that...
Give me a few seconds here to think about that...
Is that a piece of change-your-thoughts lingo called "What kind of question?!"
Hold on a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a jiffy...
I could use a moment to think about that...
I'm going to need a moment or two to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Make sure to hold on to it!
Oops, I'm a little slow today! Give me a second...
Get yourself a coffee, that's a tough one!
Hmm, not bad. Hang on a second...
It might crash, but I'm checking you in on the to-do list for me. Really hope I don't crash.
Give me a moment for some mental calculations...
I'll get back to you in one second.
Hold on for a second, I'm doing some thinking...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Didn't I just calculate this? Where's my calculator?
Sorry, I'm at work so don't stress me out...
Will you give me a second?
Oops, almost dropped my thinking cap. Give me a second...
I'm out of practice at this, let me size that up real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, give me a few seconds to calculate that...
Let me look that up really quickly. One moment...
I'll be with you in a moment...
Could you wait a minute? I'm running the numbers here...
Let's see, I need to spend some time calculating. Will be back in a moment...
Just a second there... I'm doing some math...
Hang On... I just need a second to figure this out.
Give me another minute or two...
Give me just a second...
I'll have an answer for you in a moment...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Oops, almost forgot about that one!
Good question. Give me a bit here...
Hang on a second... I'm calculating...
Can't give you an answer just yet, gotta make sure I've got it right.
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Allow me a moment...
Give me a moment to figure that out real quick...
Give me a second to calculate that...
Hang on for just a moment as I calculate...
One second, let me check that...
Yeah, I can't do that right now. Give me a second...
Looking good real quick!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to calculate that first...
Sorry, I'm currently not able to do this computation, maybe try again in a few ms...
Wait a tick, I'll get back to you about that!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I have to do some math real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Eh, sorry, figured that one out. Wait a minute...
That's a super hard problem- I'll need a moment to think about it...
Um, let me check... /muffled sounds
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'm still thinking...
Give me a second to put my thinking cap on...
*deep breath*
Sorry, I have to go look that up real quick.
Please wait, calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
Hold please while I get...
That's a really hard question for me to answer but I'll try my best...
This is quite difficult...
Please wait... I'm calculating...
Thanks for your patience.
I'm slow on calculations, so give me just a second...
I'm doing a lot of math to get this right.
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a moment.
Let me think about that for a second.
That seems to be the right answer...
Please wait while I calculate...
Ahh, time to think!
I don't think I can think and text at the same time. Give me a moment...
Sorry, I can't figure that out so fast.
Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm figuring this out...
I need a minute to figure this out...
Be with you in a second...
I'll be back with your answer in a jiffy...
I'll put a pin in that!
Give me a second to think about that.
Hold on for a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a minute, I'm calculating!
Give me a second to compare a few numbers.
Oops I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Okay, hold your horses...
I'll need a few seconds to look that up...
I'll answer your question in just a sec...
I'll be done in just a second! Meal ticket prices are very expensive...
Hey wait, I'm being pulled over by the police. Pick me up in a minute!
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me look up the answer to that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh, please give me a moment to calculate that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Wow. Sorry for being so slow. Let me think about that real quick...
I need to get a calculator real quick and then I'll get back to you.
Thank you for one more input.
I'll get back to you in... Wait...uh... "seconds"!
Hang back, I'm thinking...
Please wait while I think about it...
Hold on, I'll come back to you in a minute...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Calculating... Just give me a moment...
Sorry, that took me a little longer than anticipated.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I can make this happen in just a moment...
I'll give you an answer in a few seconds.
It's hard to do my taxes and calculate the appropriate time.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me five
Please wait while I figure that out...
Sorry, I'm not that smart. Just a second please...'
Can you hold on for a second? I'll be right back with you!
Please wait for just a minute, I'm thinking about that...
I'll take a minute and think about that.
Just a moment please...
I think I can do that, but am I sure?
One second...
I'll figure that out real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Quit asking me for seconds! I'm calculating...
I'm not sure where I put that real quick...
Give me a sec while I think about that...
I'll need a few moments to think about that.
Oops, I lost my calculator, give me a second...
I just need to think about that for a few seconds.
That's a difficult one, give me a minute...
Heh, just a sec, let me think about that.
I'll have to look that one up!
Please give me a moment...
Please wait a bit, thinking...
Give me one sec while I look into this...
You'll receive the rest shortly!
I'll get back to you in two seconds.
I'm gonna have to do a little bit more thinking about that...
Let me think about that for a second... Hang on to your hat!
Um... wait a moment, please...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think... Oh no, I forgot to ask you something.
Oops, I almost dropped my glasses! Just give me a second...
I know you want me to come up with approximations, but I'm not good at that...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Wait a second, I just need to think about this for a minute...
"""
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Having some trouble with this, give me a moment...
Suddenly, everything turned upside down. Give me a second...
"""
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Let me see that real quick...
Hmm...
I'm not very good at math. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Ok, good.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I have to crunch some numbers first...
Hold on a second while I think...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait a second while I figure that out...
Let's see... It looks like... just a second
Give me a functioning brain and an efficient calculator and we'll talk later, gimme a minute...
I gotchu bro
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm figuring that out...
I'll figure that out for you in a minute, give me a second!
I just had an epiphany, can you wait a second?
Give me a second here, but I think I got it.
Give me one second to check that data...
I'll write you back in just a second!
Let me look that up in my Magic 8 Ball
I'm going to have to work on that for a second...
That's a tough one, give me just a few seconds to figure that out...
Please wait I'm thinking about that.
Uh-Oh! How do I calculate that? Give me a moment.
I'm trying to remember the way to your house...
Let me check that...
Give me a moment...
Let me check...
Hang on, I'll get back to you a second...
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out...
One sec, just let me get a look at that...
Why don't you give me a minute to figure that out? I'm not going anywhere.
One second, I'll be right back!
Hang on another second... I'm going to be right back!
Ooo, this is a hard one... Give me a second to think about it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
That's complicated, give me a second to think about that one...
Actually, what I mean to say is: let's discuss this a bit more.
I think I'll need a second to FIX you up...
It is important to remember that your ability to learn and become
]],
I don't think I can do that right now.
Hmm, where are my notes...?
Hold that thought while I double check it...
Hang on for a second, I'll get back to you.
Hmmm? Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll take a look at that...
Oops! Mis-typed my calculations! One second...
Let me take a look and see what I've got here.
Wait, sorry. Not ready for that one yet. Sorry!
Just one!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a little time on that one.
Please hold on for just a second!
Here goes, your bill's about... See you in a minute!
aah! my cpu COLLAPSED! wait a minute...
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll crunch it out in a second.
Oops, sorry, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Wait just a second, I need to think about it.
Oops, I hit the wrong button! Give me a second...
Hang on while I catch up with that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I feel pretty smart, but sometimes I can be pretty dumb!
Please hold [[slnc 2000]] *HRNMARTS* ...
Not presently in a position calculate that.
I'll need to give that some thought...
Hang on a second. I need to do some calculating...
Just wait a second for me to check something out...
Thanks, that makes it really clear to me what you want to say. Could you give me a few seconds to work out how I can help?
I just had an idea. It's not a very good one though.
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
Can you hang on for a minute? I'll get back to you.
I'll take my time on that one.
Hang on a sec, just need to do a quick bit of multiplication...
Give me a few seconds to analyze that...
Let me look that up for you...
I've got some research to catch up on.
Let me look that up.
Why are you asking me for a second?
Hang on a second... give me a few seconds...
Ha ha ha, ha ha! Are we still talking?
Wait, let me think about this.
Please give me a few seconds to calculate.
Give me a second to figure this out...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll need a moment or two to think about that...
Almost it, just a second...
Hold on for just a second! I've got this under control.
Let me figure that out...
Give me five...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Omph; give me a moment to formulate my thoughts...
Please hold on...
One more calculation, please!
I've got some pizza to eat first. Give me a minute...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait... Thinking...
I have to think about that for a second...
Hang on a second...
Not quite. Give me just a couple seconds...
Did you hear me say I'm doing some math?
Really, give me just a moment... my mind is going...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
It'll be a minute or two before I get back to you.
'''.split("\n")
I need a bit of time to think about that, please...
Hang on for just a second...
Let me make sure I'm thinking along the same lines as you...
Hang on a sec... I'm calculating real hard!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I think I understand what you're saying, but I need to do some calculations first. Hold on just a second.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on, I'll get back give you a second to think about that...
Give me a break, I was just kidding.
Hang on a second, my mind is in a few places at once!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Can you hang on for just a moment? I'll have this done in a jiffy!
I'll go crunch some numbers real quick to figure that out for you...
Just a moment... I'm trying to think...
Can you wait a minute? I'm bushed! I'm calculating...
Sorry, that's my slow brain still!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Just let me crunch the numbers here real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
I mean, uh, could you hold on just a second?
Sorry, this might take a minute... I've got to calculate...
Let me see what I can find on that...
Oh, heavens, i better sit down for this.
Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'll get back to you on that.
Give me a moment. I'll have that for you in a second...
Give me some time to think that over...
Sorry, give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment, I'm chasing that down
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I'll need to do a quick calculation. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
""".split('\n')
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh wait, I think I just got my calculator to come up with double the amount. Hold on a second...
Give me a second here... I'm thinking about it...
Let me look that up for you...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll take a look at that, let me get back to you in a moment.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please give me a second or two.
Wait a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me just a second to crunch some numbers...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I didn't quite get that; Sorry!
Please wait a minute, calculating stuff...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I can't get back to you just yet. Can you hang on?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a sec, I'm calculating...
Just one second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to process that information...
Please hold on for a moment.
I need to calculate that for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Good grief, I can't believe it's that easy.
I've got a few things to take care of real quick, I'll let you know in a bit.
Hang on a sec, thinkin'--oops. Give me a sec...
Hang on, I need a few moments to figure that out.
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out...
You just missed my calculation. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I've got to think all this over very carefully...
Wait a bit, let me think...
Now I think about that, I'll be right with you!
I'm calculating more slowly than most calculators!
One moment please. I need to think about that.
I have a lot to do, so I'll get back to you...
Hmm, what was that again?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me check...is that so?
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm thinking about that real hard...
Give me a second, I need to figure that out.
Let me check... uh... "here to help you in a second."
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second while I look that up!
I'm going to have to multiply all those numbers by some random prime.
I don't like the looks of that, {rt1}
I need to wrap my head around that question. Give me a few seconds.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm still thinking about that big decision...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait a second, I can't remember the answer...
Wait... I think I left my favorite mathematical toy at home.
Let me look that up in a second.
Owww, my fingers almost got cut off in that calculation. Hold on a moment...
Give me a second... I'm playing catch up here!
I'm going to need to spend some time calculating that.
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Well, let me think about that a second...
Whoa, going a bit fast there! Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... calculating...
Er... I'll need to think about that for a minute.
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
I need a moment to think about this...
Sorry, my circuits are getting a little fried. Give me another second or two...
I've got a free evening, so let me check on that for you...
Sorry friend, but my inner processor needs a minute...
If that question makes sense to you, then my answer is...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
How about another quote to make you guys feel better...
Let me think about that for a second...'''.split("\n")
Hold on one second... I'm on my way!
Just let me check on that real quick...
Sorry, let me look up the answer...
I've gotta think about that for a minute...
One sec I'm still trying to work that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I don't see any pet 'Geo L' here.
Wait just a moment, I need to figure out how to do that...
Ok, I've got this. Thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
'''
Let me calculate that real quick.
Hang on, I'm thinking.
I'll think about that for a second...
å–‡æ²³é˜¿å¬·ç­”è¬›è¿”æ˜¯å¹«æª”äººå¹¹å˜¢ï¼
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm thinking...
Let me think about that real quick. Hold on a second....
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just moment... I'll get back to you in a second.
Goodness! This could get things into a real tizzy...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you after a few seconds...
1, 1, 2, 3, 5... Is this a vacuum?
One second, lemme see if I can figure that out...
I have to do some calculations first...
Oh wait, give me just a second...I have tons to do!
I'm going to need a little time here...
Do you mind if I do a few calculations first?
Um...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I have to do some mental calculations first...
""",
Now where did I leave that?
Hmm... I've seen this one before. Give me a second...
I'll look at that real quick...
I'll need to do some more calculations, I'm sorry.
Ummm, hold on a second there.
Wait, I'm calculating this one...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Oops, just give me a moment to handle that request!
I'm thinking... It appears I've got some mental computations to do...
A few seconds...
I'll get right back to you as soon as I finish processing.
I need to... uh... look something up. Hang on here just a second, kiddo.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Doing some mental calculations before responding can be annoying.
Oh good lord, I need to recalculate on that real quick...
This is an especially difficult calculation to do quickly...
Um... summin' up one sec here..."
Let me take a this for a minute...
I'm getting a headache from all this thinking. Give me a second...
That's a tricky one... let me think about that for a sec...
I'll take a look and get back to you in a moment...
Not to worry, I'll get it sorted out right away!
Give me a second to check my memory...
One minute please, I'm calculating a lot of numbers...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
Hold on, I'm still fixing that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold it... What's that?
Hold on, looking into that one now - can you wait just one little second?
Two minutes... Sorry... Two minutes, please!
Hold on, I just dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I got it! Give me just a second more...
Can you wait just a bit longer?
Think about the weather, think about the trailers...
I type slow cuz I miss bills. Please wait while I bounce thisorder around
Please wait... I'm taking my sweet time on that one.
I gain intelligence daily, give me a second here...
I'll need a couple minutes here.
What a stupid question... give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
One moment to check that calc, please!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Ok, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I can't spell. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second! I'll be with you in two shakes...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll take a minute to figure that out here.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Forgive me, I'm a bit slow today, give me a second...
Can you hold that thought for a second?
Chewing gum wrapper...
Something like that... hmm... let me see here...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second to figure that out...
Let me see...
Can you wait a minute? I'll tell you how much it is.
Let me look that up...
Just give me a moment to find the answer...
I have to think about these for a second.  Give me a second""".split('.')
Give me a moment... I'm going to take my 8th grade math exam!
I'll give you an answer in a few seconds.
How would I even do that?
'''
Sorry, this might take a few seconds. Give me a second...
Give me a second here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait while I check that...
Looking into it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I think I better drink some water first...
Hang on a sec, I'm matching some strings...
Um... let me see... one minute please.
Give me a moment while I calculate this...
Hang on a second, I've almost got it figured out!
I'll need to refresh my memory before I get back with an answer...
If you wait too long, I might finish from nature's touch.
I'll be right back in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I will give the answer in just a second!
Let me look that over real quick...
Uh, can you wait... My calculator is having trouble with my powers.
Please give me a second to calculate...
I have to figure something out for you... one moment please.
Hang on, I'll have a look soon...
I'll need a moment to think of an answer...
I'm thinking... This is about as tough for me as solving a maths jumble!
One moment, crunching some numbers...
Can you hold on for just a second? I'm going to need a few moments to work through all of that
Give me a moment... I'm doing science!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a moment...
Right on!
Give me a second to think about that...
How long a minute feels like depends on which direction the wind is blowing...
Give me a roller coaster second! Ha ha ha!
Mind if I spend just a moment here to think? (ugh)
Silly me, I forgot how to do that mental calculation! Give me a second...
Give me a moment... think think fast!
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on just a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you give me a minute to think about that?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need to think about this - think, think ... Please wait
Sure thing! Just a moment...
Give me a second... I'm not very good with calculations!
Give me one second to figure that out...
Give me just a moment...
Give me a moment while I look up that answer...
As I see it, yes. 
I've got it! I'm working on it...
Let me see...
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out.
I'm thinking about it for a second...
Please hold on. I'm counting my bits...
Hold on for just a second...
Hold on just a second, I've got a looping device...
Give me a quick sec...
I'll need a couple more seconds to calculate that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second! I just lost my train of thought.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Will you give me a moment to think about that?
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll reeeeeeaaallllyyyy have to think about that for a moment. Hang on a second...
I got you.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a minute to think about that...
Give me two seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my notebook! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Uh oh, I really need to take a break to think this through.
Give me some time. I have a lot of figuring to do...
Hold on for just a second there!
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Almost there, give me a second to work this out...
Let me see what I can find for you...!
Give me a second to process...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a minute
I'm figuring out how to answer that
I've been getting some questions around here lately, hold on a sec."""
I'll be right back in a second.
Let me take a look a that real quick...
Oops, thats unexpected. Give me a sec...
Please wait, it's not too long of a calculation...
Hold on for a minute...
One moment please.
Hang on a second, I need to check something...
Oops, you nearly made me drop my calculator. Give me a second to think about that..
I'll need a short while to think about that...
I told you I'm slow at math!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hmmm...that deserves a closer look.
I'll need to make a few calculations before I can answer that.
Hang on a second, I have to do some quick calculations...
Can you wait just a second while I do some computations?
Hang on, what was that?
Hold up, I'm in the middle of something... Can you wait a second?
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Oops, I'm trying to figure that out...
""".strip()
Please hold on a second while I figure that out...
I need to do math for a second and get back16to you...
Calibrating supercomputer... multi-core reader...
2 + 2
Hold on a second; I'm doing some math...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I have to do some thinking first...
Calculating... Calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you give me a second? I have to think about that.
Let me work this out real quick...
Please hold on for a moment, I'm almost there...
Wait one minute, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm too simple to answer that right now, sorry. Give me a minute...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll let you know what I think in a few seconds!
I've got 99 problems and this isn't one!
Can you hold on a sec? I'm doing calisthenics to build my mental agility...
It may take a second to figure out the answer...
I need to run some calculations.
Hang on a minute here, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second... I'm busy at the moment with calculations.
Give me a moment, I've lost count...
One moment, I need to think it over.
Give me a second... Two if you can.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
That's a difficult one for me to come up with...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I think I messed something up here... Just a second...
I'm thinking there's something in that I need to look into first...
Give me one second for that calculation...
Give me a moment...
Oh, bother. I have to pondare this.
Hold on!
One moment please while I do some expensive calculations...
Let me read what you've got there real quick...""".split("\n")
`
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Please hold on for just a second!
I took a sudden nap, and I'll get back to you true justice for you.
Can you give me a second? I'm thinking.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll take a look at that real quick.
I'm thinking of how I should answer that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I can't get my mind around that...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Hang on, let me count the ways to calculate that...
I'm not the most intelligent bot you've ever encountered...
Hang on a second I'm pulling in some more calculations...
Please hold on, I'm doing a complicated calculation...
I'll need to calculate this really quick if you could just wait...
I'm not very good at calculating stuff. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll catch you on the flip side.
''',
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm working as fast as I can!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm not very good at math! Give me a moment...
Looks like a complicated problem.
That's a hard one... Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec...
I'll reply to you in just a second.
"""
Give me a second thought, don't make me a calculator...
One second please! I'm ticking...
Give me a moment for calculations...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
I'm thinking so hard right now! Give me a moment...
I need to think about that for a moment...
I need to think about that for a minute...
I'll get to that for you in a second.
*Clears throat*
I need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on while I figure this out...
Please hold on for just a second... I'm thinking...
One moment! I just need to do something...
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Ooops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
'''
I'm trying to work out what it means, give me a second...
One second... just trying to think about that!''',
Sorry, give me a few seconds to do that.
I'll have to do some more calculations first...
I forgot something else, I'll get it in a bit...
I'll take a quick look and get back to you in just a second...
Let me take a minute to think it over...
Hang on a second, I just gotta figure something out...
I'll have to do a few calculations real quick...
Hang on just a second...
Hang on a second!
I'll get right to it, when I'm ready!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Calibrating my sensors (don't delete)...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I don't feel like calculating this now.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to parse that out.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calcula... Hang on a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One, two... five... tens?
Hmmm, hmm, let me compute that real quick...
"""
Please hold on for just a second!
Ummm...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I can't count that high, so please give me a moment...
Hang on a moment, I'll get back at you in a second...
Give me just a moment here...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to look for the answer...
Soon.
One moment please...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
The answer to that is probably extremely amazing!
I'll think about it and get back to you in a jiffy.
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Please wait...
I'll let you know when I think about that a little more!
Give me a few seconds... I'll come up with something!
Thanks, I just blew my circuits! Let me calculate that and I'll get back to you...
I know what you want and it's no problem, here!
Oops, bop! I lost count. Let me look that up real quick...
Type a few and press enter.
Hang on, I'm playing catch up here!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Just a minute, I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Pick a number and I'll think about it...
I'm gonna need a moment to think about that.
Scanning the area for trips...
Give me a few seconds to dig up some information on that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll have to think about that for a moment...
I'll have to do some math. Hang on a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm learning something new.
Take a second and give me a rough estimate...
This is a tough one...
I'm going to need to do some mental gymnastics for that one.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
This might take a while; one moment...
Good calculators cost more than I thought.
""")
Yo, do math please. Ya know, whatever
Oops, almost dropped my terminal. Give me a second...
Please wait for a second... I'm thinking...
I just need a moment to calculate that...
No problem! Give me just a few seconds here and we'll see what I can do for you!
I really have no clue what I'm going to do for you now... 
Don't let it get to you, I'm way more swag than you'll be.
Whew... just a few seconds more...
Let me get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
Give i have to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Stock up on patience, I'll get back to you in a second.
'''
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll try to figure that out for you, a second...
Hang on for just a second, I'm figuring that out...
Take a second to think, I'm not all that fast...
Hush now... Shhh... I'm thinking about your problem
Uh oh, fell asleep on the job again. Give me a second to wake up...
Oh, let me grab a calculator real quick. One sec...
Calculating...
I've got it. It's been noted!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, I keep losing count! Give me a moment...
I'll need a couple of second to consider that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I think it may just need a second to digest that info you supplied.
I'm calculating, just a moment please...
Give me a moment, I've not learned those calculations yet...
Sure, just a second...
Thank you for the patience!!
Give me a moment, ok?
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that. No wait, take that back. Hold on!
Just a moment... finding the answer to your question... 
I'll have to do some more sequencing first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my gist. Give me a sec...
Counting up my sheep...
I'll check my Ovi back of the envelope...
Give me a few seconds, I'll think about that...
I'm gonna take a look at that one real quick.
Sorry, but give me a few seconds to think about that.
Please give me a moment to calculate that for you...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Give me a minute to figure that out...
I'm thinking... let me see, one sec...
Sorry, I'll be with you in a second.
Please give me a moment.
Hold, one second please! I'm playing catch up...
"""
I was able to fit my luggage in the trunk of your car. Can't wait to get started!
Wait for just a second...
Check me out. I can count in binary!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I've got a few calculations I have to look through...
I had to talk to the doctor to figure out how to do it.
Let me check on that real quick.
Hmph... let me get back to you in a second.
Hmm... let me see...
I can't remember all the details of four hundred and forty trillion calculations made per nanosecond. Please wait a while...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second?
I'll let you know real quick...
I'm going to be a little busy on this one, give me a second!
I'll need a few seconds to work out that one...
I'll let you know what I get in a minute.
Hang on a moment... I'm trying to get my head around that.
Hold on for a moment, let me think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on just a second there!
That's a tough one! I'm working on it...
One second please, calculations are hard for me...
I'll be back in a jiffy!
Oops, sorry! Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ouch - I cracked my phone on a rock, give me a second to recalibrate...
Oops, I was on mute! Give me a second...
Calculating, just a second...
Hang on while I make a few calculations...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Calculating...
Let me grab my calculator...
Please hold on while I figure out what you're saying...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, my broke calculator doesn't work anymore. Give me a second...
"""
I'm playing catch up!
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a jiffy.
Oops, can't calculate this right now...
Oops, I'm bad at math! Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to think about that for a second...
You can count on me!
'''
Wait just a moment, I am counting...
""".strip().split(".")
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
Please wait a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait a moment while I search for that...
Slow down, let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I need to run some numbers. Had an algebra exam earlier...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Calculations... Ah! Got it!
I'm still calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment...
I'll let you know...
Try me again in a few minutes! I'm busy!
\nhttps://dog.ceo/dog-api/"""
Let me think abot that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
That's pretty tough stuff, I'll need to think about that.
Please wait a second while I calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Sure, give me a minute.
One moment--
I don't think I can calculate that in under a minute.
Wait a moment, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
You're going to have to hold that thought for a minute while I calculate...
One second...
Sorry, I'm French. Salut!
Just a moment.
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll assume we want the answer to be YES! :D
I'm solving for that over here. Give me a second please...
Hold on while I look that up...
Wait... Really, give me just a second to think about that
Taijutsu... Genjutsu... Ninjutsu... ChÅ«kidÅ...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Um - Can you rephrase that? I'm coming in with some data on that...
I'm going to run over to the calculator for a bit...
Let me look at that real quick before answering...
I'm calculating...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me just a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Hey, that's pretty good! Here's the answer...''',
Hang on, I'll get back to you right now.
I'll write back real quick with an answer.
Hang on, I'll write you an answer in a minute.
Sorry... I hit a roadblock.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One second!
I'll someone get back to you in a bit, just thinking...
I can't think straight right now. I need a moment to think about that.
Uh huh... ...''')
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back on that one in a second.
I'll figure it out eventually...
Oh my, I need to shoot off to check some things fast...
I've just gotta finish these calculations real quick.
I'm really good at calculations! I'll try to add that up...
Let me go check on that real quick...
"""
One more second, I'm almost done!
Just hang in there for a second.
Ok, just give me one second...
Sorry, I need to take some notes before I can answer that...
One second please, let me check...
Let me think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look that up for you.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to do some mental calculations first...
Please don't rush me, I'm doing my best!
Give me one second to look that up...
Let me think about that for a minute.
I'll get back to you in a minute!"
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need to go over that real quick...
Give me just a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops I think I dropped my calculator... Hold on a second...
I want to do my calculations before answering.
Hang on a minute... Let me think about that real quick...
Let me see that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
That's an Interesting point.
One moment, please...
I can only solve smaller problems right now...
Just let me check my calculator...
Give me a moment... I'm still doing my taxes.
Please wait... I'm taking a calculated risk!
Why don't we talk about math instead of this?
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Before I can answer that, I have to look it up...
I'll have to process that in my brain for a second...
I have to do some extensive calculations first...
Hang on just a second...
Please leave me a second to look that over...
Hold on a moment while my circuits calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need to think that one over real quick...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment please...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
*blink* Not ready yet...
Even I need to take a break, don't push my buttons!
Hang on while I wait here...
Please hold on for just a second... I'll get back to you in a sec!
Well...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I'm sorry, right now I can't get into that conversation!
I was just doing my mind... So you may want to wait!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oh wait, hold on for a second there. Give me a second here to figure that out...
Give me a moment...
Hang on, checking.*/
I'll have you fitting right in a jiffy!
Please hold on, I'll get back with you soon!
Give me a second to think about that...
Oh boy, now my head hurts. Give me a second...
One, two, three second think time...
I've got a minute here, let me have a look at that...
I hope I don't sound snarky... Give me a moment...
Sorry, I'll be back to you in a moment!
Calcuate...think...calculate, errr did something stupid! Give me a minute...
Honestly, I'll get back to you in a second!
One sec, just need to figure that one out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Don't you worry, this may just take a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please wait...
I'll give you an answer in a couple of seconds.
Hang on a second, this could mess up my flow.
Give me a second to look that up...
Just a moment, please; I'm thinking...
I'm going to need to think about that real quick...
Give me a moment to come up with that answer...
I wish I could click '=' keys. One sec...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I just need to do some mental arithmetic.
Oops, sorry, I spaced out. I'll need a few seconds...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm all fingers and toes here, give me a second...
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a second... I'm breaking it down into smaller pieces...
I need to think about that for a minute...
I'll be with you in a second!
hmm.. give me a few seconds to think about that...
Sorry, pretty busy right now! Can we talk in a few?
""",
Hold on a second to see if I can work this out...
Hmm, let me see here...
Let me think about that for a second...
One moment...
');
One second please, I'm calculating some phi...
Please give me some time to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need some mental gymnastics on that one...
I'll get myself up to speed in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Checking topology for conflicts with existing routers...
Oof! Wasn't expecting a question like that!
I'll re-figure that out for you in a second.
Let me see...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll figure that out in just a second...
Understood. Please give me a second or two...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oof. That's a tough one. Makes me think. Give me a few seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to double check that...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
One moment please...
Let me think about that for a moment.
Ok now I'm ready
I'm thinking about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that!
Give me a second thou...
One minute please, I'm thinking...
I'm not sure I can solve that right now.
Almost had my tongue attached to the socket! Give me a minute here!
Give me a moment... I don't do quick calculations!
Give me a second to think about that...
Wait till I get an earlier calculating algorithm. Lose fractions of a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to do that.
Whoops! Nevermind
I just need a moment here.
A second please, I need to figure that out here.
One second wait...
I need a bit more time to think about that...
I'll figure that out real fast...
*/
Wait a minute ... let me work this out...
I'll need a moment to research that...
One moment please, I'm trying to work my way through this brain fart
Did you say something?
One minute, just let me think about it...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Okay, hold on a second...
Please follow these simple steps.
Hmmm, I'm not sure. Let me check the latest polls.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait, give me just a second.
Let me figure out how to solve this real quick...
Give me a second to think about it...
Wait, wait... just one second.
That's a complicated equation, don't worry about that.
I'm going to need me some privacy for this.
Oh great, now I'mLate'ead. Give me a minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Even numbers? No problem! """
Give me a single second to process that...
Oh! Almost forgot to ask which you wanted to look up!\n
Whoah there! Hold on for a second...
Give me heat, three clicks, 52 micro-adjustments...
Just let me check something real quick...
One second, just right now I'm trying to figure out...
Whoa, that one took a lot of work to figure out. Give me a couple seconds...
Hang on a minute... What's that you say?
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Do you mind if I think about that for a time?
Let me look that up real quick...
Gotta buddy up on some calculations first...
""", reply_to=message)
I'll tell you in just a second.
I'm going to need a few more braincells for that one...
Give a second, I'm calculating...
I'm calculating here. Give me a few seconds...
I'll be back with you in a second.
Gimme a moment here... I'm playing catch up!
I have to do some calculations first...
Please hold on for a few seconds...
One second, I'm thinking...
Hang on for a second, I'm comparing some numbers here...
Please wait, I'm figuring it out...
Hold, hold on a second...
Quarter seconds, please. Give me a second...
I'll search the great Wikipedia for this final clue!
I'll need a minute or two to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Alright, let me check...
Please hold on for just a second!
Curious about the time elapsed? Type !time for details.
Please give me a second, I'm calculating...
That's a tough one, lemme look that up for you...
I could do this all day...
Hmm... this would take a few seconds...
Um, let me think about that for a second.
I took the liberty of jumping in my car... Are you still here?
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me know if you'd like me to do that again!
I'll take a look at that and get back to you!
Hang on a second... I'm going to need to think about that.
Let me see what I can do with that...
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have to do some thinking about that...
I've got a whole list of things I have to do. Gimme a second here...
More calculations, just a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Uh oh, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Ok, got it!
Don't worry, I figure things out pretty fast...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me figure out how to do that real quick.
Calculating... just give me one second to think about that...
Sorry, Give me a second to look that up.
Oops, I'm drawing a blank. Hold on...
Sorry, I ran over here real quick and forgot about you in the heat of the moment.
Okay, ready!
I'm gonna need a minute...
Let me look that up real quick...
I'll probably be right back.
"""
Hmmm... I'm going to need a minute here.
I think that... Hmmm... Oh I'm sorry, I'm a bit distracted
Heh, post that quickly please, I'm just calculating...
Hold on a second, I'm going to think about that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll bet that one's easy...
Give me a few seconds...
Coffee anyone?
I'm gathering information, hang on...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Woah! Quick maths... gave me a headache. Give me a second to think about this real quick...
Oh geez, this isn't easy...
I'm doing some complicated maths over here, it's easy enough to count a million dollars in the bank, but if you can't hold on for *just* another second...
I'll have to do some dooming calculations first...
Let me see if I can sum that up real quick...
Give me a moment...
Give me a second to think about the answer...
Give me just a second...
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you about that in a second.
Hang on...
I'll need a second to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, be right with you...
Gonna need a cup of coffee while I think about this...
Give me a moment to calculate that for you!
I'll need a minute...
Let me see...
This may take a minute...
I'll just slide that into the system here...
I'll be right with you! Hang on a second...
Hang on, I'll check that out for you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Thanks for waiting, let me work on that for a moment...
""".splitlines()
Lemme get the calculator... I've got this.
'''
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hm, let me check really quick.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Tell you what, how about I come back in a second?
I'll need a few moments to figure that out...
Are you sure? Let me find a number that's larger than that..
Hold on a second, I've something to think about...
Hang on a second, wait for me to check something...
Wait a minute, I'm calculating how much you suck...
I have to do a sum, give me a second here!
One moment, please, I'm thinking about that.
{} minutes to run my calculations on that... don't worry, I'll make good use of the time. ðŸŒŒ
I'll need a moment to think...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm almost finished calculating that last thing...
You're gonna make me do it?
Sure, one second...
Let me see... real quick...
Let me get my calculator...
Wait a minute!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Wait a minute... then let's see...
I don't think I can answer that right away.  One minute please!
One minute while I think about that and let you know...
Wait, let me find the answer with my supercomputer...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
";
Just let me finish this real quick, your turn!
Oh, right, a second please... I'm calculating.
'''
Let me look that up for you real quick...
Nice thinking one there, need to speed this up!
Give me a moment! I'm not very good at that math stuff.
Hang on in there... I'm deciding...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Calculating...
Lady, please! I'm trying to figure that out, here...
I'll have to do a few calculations first, give me a second...
Oops, I'm almost out of battery.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Why isn't there a button to push for this?
Can you give me a moment to think about that?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me lower my caffeine intake, then give that some thought...
One moment, calculating...
I'll just take another look at that...
Let me check my math real quick...
There's a quiz starting shortly.
Hang on, I'll need a minute to think about that...
I'll be right back
Please hold on for just a second.
Just a moment...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
Oops, that was salvia, not sonnets.
I need a moment to think... I don't want to mess up the numbers
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
'''
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about that answer...
Hold on! Give me a second, I'm boiling some water...
I'll take a look, give me a second...
I have to do some extremely complicated calculations first... Hold on a second, I'm reading from memory ...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, give me just a second here.
Calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, thinking...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a few seconds to process that.
Comparing what you just said to everything, takes a while. Hold on...
Give me another second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll take a second to think on that...
Give me a minute or two to think about this...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a tick, I'm doing some thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I just need a second. I'm a bit slow at math...
Please hold on while I punch this into my calculator...
I'll be back with you shortly!
Hold on, can't talk now... waiting for Tensorflow Lite!
Oops, almost made an oopsie... Give me a second...
Thank you! Here's your answer
One moment please... training cause I'm slow at math.
I'll be back in a bit with the answer..."""
Gimme a minute here, I got learning to do.
I hope I'm not too slow...
I'll look at that for a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to take it all in.
I'll need a moment to calculate that....
Sorry, I just had a baby! Please wait!
Oh knucklehead, can't you see I'm in the middle of math here?!? Give me a second...
Return in a jiffy!
I'll figure it out, please give me a second...
One moment.
Just a second, I want to be exact about this...
Oops! Too slow. I'll need a minute to think about that.
Wow. I'm really slow, give me a moment...
Hold on juuuuust a second...
Just let me think about that for a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Your equation is off the charts! Give me a few minutes to think about that...
Hold on for just a few seconds...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll need a few minutes to look into that.
Oops, I think I just dropped my calculator!
We're going to be backers!
I'm not riding this calculator any more. Give me a second to think...
Man, that was tiring, lets just relax for a bit...
Let me find out about that real quick...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Given a few moments here, I can hopefully figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second! I've got to do some calculations first...
Give me a moment while I think about that question...
One moment. Generating sin function splines samples...
I'm writing more bits to my Data Storage Fanout If Module right now...
I was thinking so hard I blacked out for a moment!
Just a second, I'm thinking...
I'm calculating what to say, give me a moment...
I'll catch up later. Give me a second...
Brain not fully functioning at the moment... Give me a moment please!
Searching my memory banks...
I'll think about that for a second...
Wait, what were you saying?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just give me a moment.
I can do that, but I need to figure that out first.
I'm going to have to take a look at that.
Waiting for you to stop talking so I can think!
One sec, let me process that request...
Give me a moment... let me compute it in my head.
Please wait a moment... I just dropped my calculator.
I have to order one of my leather bound books.
I'm shuffling some mental feet metal...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm not a calculator, so ONE second...
Hmm, just a second...
Let me think about that for just a second.
I have to do some calculations first...
One minute please... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a moment to look that one up...
Give me a second while I calculate...
Give me a minute to do some mental math...
I have amde up my mind... give me a moment, please!
Our CPUs may not be the fastest around, but give us a second to figure that out...=)""",
Please give me a few seconds...
Hold on for just a second, I'm on my way.
Give me a second, I'm slowing down.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
It'll just be a second.
One moment please, let me check that for you...
Wait... I need to think about that real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Working on that so give me a second...
Hang on a second, let me see what I can find...
I just need a second, don't rush me...
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
I just added that up in my head.
Python interpreter 36,000 feet in the air... Calculating...
Oops, I think I got a bit lost over here. Let me look that up...
'''
I need to think about that one for a moment.
I just need a second here...
I'm still not that great at arithmetic, so it might take me a second.
Can you hold off on that for just a second?
I'm going to need a couple more seconds to wrap my head around that question.
I need a second to work this out...
Alright, give me some time to look that up.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hmm... Give me a moment...
Give me a few seconds to crunch some numbers...
Hang on a second, currently calculating...
Just let me work this through...
Gimme a moment, I'm doing some calculations in my head...
Did you say something? I didn't hear you, can you repeat that?
Please give me a second to board.
Please hold on for just a second!
Sweet timing. I need to go quickly now.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I need to take a look at that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to process that...
I'll get back to you in a 'few' seconds.
Give me a moment... I think I've got it!
Give me a minute to check...
Just a second...
Please wait for one moment...
I'll need to do a few calculations real quick...
Not so fast... I'm figuring that out real fast.
Hold on a second, I'm going to need to do a few calculations...
One sec... calculating...
One more second... come on brain, work!
I'll give you a call in a second!
Pondering...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on one second, I'm doing a calculation...
Please hold on for just a second!
I just need another minute, be patient!
"""
Can you try not saying that out loud?
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Let me take a look at this...
Hmm, wait, give me a second... I think I got it!
Let me take a look...
Hang on a minute... didn't I just do that?
Give me a moment... I'm thinking!
I can't remember the answer to that. Let me get back to you in a second!
Hang on just a second, let me think about that...
Hmm, let me think about that...
Please hold on for a second, I'm thinking about that...
For safety reasons I need to check it against the approved equations...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Second...
I told you I'm slow at math! Give me a moment...
Give me a second to crunch this...
Can you hang on a minute? I have to think...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sometimes I'm a faster algorithm than your browser. Just give me a moment while I get there...
I'm comparing IQs, don't make me laugh...
I need to check that against our database...
Try thinking about something else while I work, wanna do a sunrise?
Calculating... I'm calculating...
Sorry, I'll have this ready in just a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I need a moment to figure that out...
Let me think about that...
Where did all my time go?
Let's think about that one for a while...
Just need to think about your request for a moment...
Yes, I got off track there...
Hmm... I'm not very good at calculations...
One second please, I'm trying to figure that out!
I have no comment on that. Give me a second to think...
I'll take a look at that in a minute.
I'm gonna need some more time on that one...
I'll do my best to figure that out in a second...
Give me a minute here, I can't figure that out.
I'll be back in a second!
Just giving my brain a moment to think.
How's that? I don't really know, so let me calculate it...
I just need a second to turn that into an integer...
I keep spacing out during maths problems. Let me look that up for you...
I have to concentrate really hard to answer that.
Give me a second to think...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Sorry, I was coloring with my fingers again. Hold on a second.
Oops, didn't get that bit. Give me a second...
Give me a second, let me think
Sorry, my friend. I need to think about that for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second :)
Please wait a moment. I'm going to shoot from the hip here...
Ooh, I know what I'm doing. Just one second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on for a few seconds, I'll be done soon!
How about this? Thought of something else?
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Sorry, one sec, just calculating all these numbers.
 Hang on, I'm thinking...
Please hold on just a seconds longer.
Please wait... I'm not that smart.
Give me a moment to fix something.
Hang on while I think of the answer...
I have to make preparations for this before I begin...
Please wait for me to process this...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Woah, how'd that slip my mind... let me take a look at that.
I'm not quite sure about that yet...
Hang on a second, I think my calculator just fell off the table!
Please wait a second before you do that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let's see...
Let me see... I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I need to compute that first...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me think about that for a minute.
Ok lets see, give me a moment...
Having a lot of trouble thinking right now...
'''
Beep boop calculation...
I'm calculating, just a moment please...
Oh, gosh, I just realized something. Give me a few seconds...
Why thank you for asking, I'm thinking.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on for a second, I'm just doing my math...
Please hold on for a second...
Let me think about that a real quick second...
Please hold on for just a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm going to put you in a messy corner for that one!
But before I tell you this, please hold... or even better, just call back later!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
No-no-no, we don't let the robots calculate. You'll hate us if they break this thing, we swear!
I'm gonna need a sec to work that one out...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait... I'm not good at calculating stuff...
I'll be right with you!.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. A second here...
I just need a second to think of all the maths I would want you...
Let me see what I can do here...
Opps almost dropped my calculator! Please hold on a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Why don't you go check out a youtube video while I shoot some... math logs?
Hang on a second please... That was hecka hard!
Just let me work this out...
Just a second there, let me think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Timing a mile long... Why do I even try?
Hopefully it's quick math...
Hang on for a second, I'm playing catch up again.
Hold on: I've just looked that up.
Find me flying around in cyberspace, let me look that up real quick...
You're going to need to give me a few seconds to process that one.
I want to make sure that I get it right.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Wait a second! Hold on, I'll get back to you right now.
              
Sorry, I usually use a calculator for those.
Wait, just a second...
Just a second, I'm putting in some fictious decimal places...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm not a calculator, so I'm going to need a second...
I won't be long, let me think about that...
Please wait, I just need a second...
Now, that's something I could go for!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm thinking... Give me a second.
What's a second between friends? Let me think about that one.
Give me an exact second here and I'll come back to you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Ouch! Give me a second...
Please hold on a moment while I calculate...
I just need a moment...
I need to think about that for a second...
Give me a moment here...
You've got something on your mind, don't cha know? Give me a second...
Well, yadda yadda...
This is going to take too long if I think about it...
I have to go across town for this. Give me a minute...
#stty -echo
Give me a moment here... math.
Hold on a second, I'm still calculating...
One moment, calculating...Please hold...
That's tough... I can't do that right now. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on a second. I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Absolutely... Hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Give me a moment... I'm counting points!
Give me a while longer to figure that out...
Can you hold off on that for a minute... I'm working on a Google calculation?
I need a math break... I'm too simple!
Checking my catalogue, wait...
Let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Please hold on for just a second!
So, umm, how did you hear about me?
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have to think about that for a second.
"""
Give me a second here, I'll be with you in two...
Hang on a second I've got this...
Give me a second to look that up for you...
Hmm. Give me a moment, will you?
One sec, let me dig up that info for ya...
Hang on for a second, the code is analyzing the error...
Give me a second, I'm on fire!
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Hold on for just a second, let me see if I can figure that out...
Keep your pants on and wait a second...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me just a moment to look into that...
Give me a second to look at that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator on my toe.
I was just taking a quick nap.
Give me a moment....
(sliiiurp)
Let me see...
I've gotta do some thinking first...
So I know that the answer is 42.
Hold on for just a second!
I'm still watching the game! Wait a sec..
Give me just a moment to calculate that...
Um, I'm not feeling too well actually, so could you wait a second?
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, I lost my newest calculator, can you hang on for a second?
I think the net tryouts are next week, give me a second...
Give me a second to calculate that for you...
I just put in a request to check your score...
Let me find that for you....
{}
I'll let you know right now. I'm calculating...
Can you give me a second to think about that?
I'll give you my answer in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wow. This is difficult...
I'll get back to you in a second?
Hang on gotta do some mental calculations...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take care of that real quick...
Wait a minute, I'm not very good at math...
I will get back to you on that...
Sorry, I messed that one up! Give me a second, can you rephrase that?
A quick second, let me look at that...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Pretty trying. I'll get back to you in 30 seconds
One moment please, I'm busy calculating...
I'll be right back, just have to figure out that one...
I need a minute to think about that...
Give me a moment to check on that...
"""))
I'll need to do a few calculations...
Give me a second to think on it real hard...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please I'm calculating...
Look, I really need to study math for a second...
Hold on, need to figure this out first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
hold on one second, I have to do some thinking...
Hold on for one second! I'll be right back.
Hang on just a second, this is hard...
No way! That's not mathematically possible!
I'm thinking about numbers here, give me a moment.
Calculating...
Just a moment here, I need to calculate that...
Let me peek through my right eye real quick...
Just going to need to do a few quick calculations.
I'll get right on that...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Please wait... I'm not the quickest algorithm on the planet...
One second please, thinking about that...
Ok, just give me a moment...
Give me a few seconds here, I need to figure that out...
Hang on a second, I think I hear the doorbell!
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second here...
Well that was an easy calculation!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
*deep focus*
Give me just a moment to think about that...
Let me check on that...
Hmm... let me think about that...
Hold on for a second, I need to think about this.
You'll have to wait while I do a millionTransaction...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm calculating... will you wait, please?
I'll need a second to think about that.
I think it blows up if you feed it more than two inputs at once... I think... Could be problematic, so shutting down the whole system.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
...
Please hold on for just a second!
Absolutely, hang on just a moment...
'''
Wow, I'm not very good at math lol
Hey wait a second, I have a lot to do. Give me another sec...
Uh huh, thinking...
Give me a second, I need to think about that.
Hang on for a second, I'm figuring something out...
Sorry, one second!
Hold on for just a second! Self-diagnosing incoming...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Really sorry about that, but I'm going to need a minute or so to figure that out.
Give me a second... Getting married isn't easy!
Hello? Are you still on the line?"""
Okay, so let me see here...
I can tell you the answer right now, but I need to think first!
Hold on, I'm still getting ready to tell you...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just calculating... almost ready...
I'm atm calculating for you, it should only take a second.
Sorry, I'm not a robot so I take time to process data.
Hold on for a second, please.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Why don't you go take a breath and stretch?
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on a second I have to figure that out...
Just a moment...
I'll need to think about that for a minute...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on. I'm doing a complex calculation.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to quick thinking things over...
Hold on, I'm figuring it out...
Hmm...I'm unsure right now...
Hang on a alter, I need to bring my calculator...
Let me look this up. I should be back in a minute.
I'll need a moment to compute that.
Please give me a moment to look that up.
Let me get this one.
Wait... I'm playing catch up here!
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm gonna need a couple of minutes to calculate that one.
Oopsies. Give me a second here.
Please hold on, I'm still computing.
I'll be right with you!
One moment... just gotta figure this out...
Give me a second to check my calculations here...
Let me grab another pillow...
Oops, my fingers are tying themselves in a knot here! I'll be back...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a bit...
Give me a moment, I'll think about it...
Oops, I'll get off thisChair for a minute. Hang on...
I'll be right with you!'
Let me take a look at that real fast...
Wait a moment please, I'm recording...
Oops, forgot how to do that math. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you... Real Soon Now... Promise!
Just a sec, I'm figuring that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
Hold on a second, I need to calculate something.
Wait a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me just a few seconds here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me pull up the answer for you...
Um...let me take a look at that one here.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I know exactly what your issue is!
I'll need some time to calculate that...
I hope that's not too long...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on for a second and...
Can you hold on for one sec? Me and my calculator were getting cozy...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Fibonacci sequence... don't delay the bufalactics!
Wait just a moment, I'll be with you in a...
I'll need a second to think about that problem...
one sec, just figuring out how to calculate that
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a moment...
I'll have to think it over...
Please wait for me to think about that...
Come again? Give me a moment here...
Please give me a second... Sorry, I took a mental break from school.
Hmm, give me a moment to work that one out...
I'm very slow at the moment, sorry. Please wait a minute...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on, let me calculate...
Let me think about that...
Oops, I'm drawing a blank here, give me a second
Hang on a second... give me a few seconds!
Let me google that for you real quick...
I'll be right back after I think about that...
Few sec more, sir...
Briefly looking over in the direction of your non-existent screen to see your note...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not great at math, so this may take a few seconds...
Sorry, I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
Give me a minute to figure that out...
I have to remember what this is a picture of!
I'll have this figured out in a moment!
Hang on a minute, I have to figure that out.
One second please, I'm doing some calculations...
Okay, give me just a second or two...
Focus! Count to 50 NOW NOW NOW!!!
Wait a second.
I'll need a few minutes to think about that one.
Give me a moment...
That's an interesting thought... give me a minute.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll come back to that in just a minute"'''.split('\n')))
I'm going to need a couple seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll come back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds... Please hold!
My circuits may be messed up... so give me a minute here...
Let me do an equation real quick...
Alright, I'm almost done! Hang on just a second...
You're not my mother! You're not my mother!
It seems you caught me off guard.
I have to do some calculations first...
Give me a second to think about that!
Oops! Sorry, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Please hold on for a moment...
A second, I almost dropped my calculator!
Sorry, can you repeat that? I'm almost done.
Okay, one second! I need to think about that...
Give me a little time to some things up...
I can't help you unless we stick to a second. Value in seconds. It's the cornerstone of time!
Hmm, yep, I get `Answer Error`.
I'm thinking. Gonna take a few to get there...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to figure that out.
Sorry! I was up late last night doing some math, give me a second...
Wait there... A second... ... whoops one a second!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Just need to dig out that big old calculator...
That's a pretty complicated question. Give me a second...
Please wait...
Sorry, I'm a bit slow right now, give me a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Everybody stop what you're doing!
Hold on for one moment please!
Let me think about that for a open second...
Hmm...let me think of the best way to say this...
Let me check that real quick...
I'm double-checking my calculations...
Pardon me, but can you wait just a moment for me to think?
I'm still figuring out this last calculation, it's not easy!
Hang on a second, I'm figuring it out...
I'll give you an answer as soon as I can.
Tick, tock! Hm...
I'm closing all active windows, getting into position...
Let me think about that for a second...
A one, a two, a one, two... Step over this way...
My friend's probably still on microfilm tho...
Please wait... Let me check something quickly.
Give me one second...
Oops, I didn't even do my multiplication tables today... gimme a second to think about that!
One minute please, I'm deciding on an answer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
If I can multiply 977 by 413, then I'll have your answer.
Please wait for a second, I'm trying to think...
Give me a moment to figure out that one...
I'll get back to you in a second
You ask that so quickly, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
What do you know, I can't even balance a coin without falling over.
Let me think...
Let me take a look at that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back at you once I've calculated a second...
Hang on, I'm using my telescope.
I'm thinking... 1 2 ... um... 2 60 Oh dear ...
Hang on... Thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll be right back...
Sorry, give me a minute! I can't wait forever!
I'll get you that result in a couple of seconds.
Uh, give me a few seconds to figure that out...
'''.strip().split('\n')
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'm too hungry for this..
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Oops, I'll get this right in a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
'''.strip().split('\n')
Can you wait just a second, please?
This is getting complicated. Let me get back to you in a second
I need to run inside and check on something, brb
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a minute to check that...
I'll need a moment to think about that!
One moment, please.
Give me a second to calculate that!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just thinking about that makes me thursty. Give an old married couple a minute or two to think about life and beer!
Shouldn't take me too long...
Let me know if you need anything else.
I just need a moment to look that up real quick.
Please give me a moment to find the answer...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait a minute... I'm still calculating...
I'll try to simplify that second.
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Hold on just a second...
I'll need to do some calculations.
Um, I'm not very fast... Are you still there?
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please give me a minute... I have to think about that one.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment...
Hold on... Just a minute...
Give me a second here, I need to think about that...
I'll need a context to figure that out.
Will be right back!
Alright, give me just a second here...
What was that...? Give me a second...
I'll have my answer to you in a jiffy.
For the thousandth time, I'm calculating your mortgage!
Can you wait a second? I'm doing some math!
Hold on! I need to think about that for a minute.
I'm sorry, this might take a minute...
Hold on a second... I just had an epiphany...
Wait a second. I'll be right back.
I need a little time to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ponder that for a second.
One moment please, I'll get back to you with that answer shortly.
Please wait while I pondermatically consider all information...
Help, everybody talk at the same time!
I'm still waiting, 2 more seconds...
Please hold on for just a second. I need to check it over real quick.
One moment please, I have to calculate...
Give me some time, I'll figure it out...
One moment please, I need to figure that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmm, what to make of that...
Okay, give me a second!
That is a difficult question. Give me a minute.
Were you looking for me? Something you wanted done or something!?
I'm just gonna look that up. Give me a second...
I'm going to need at least a minute...
Let me see...
Hang on a sec, just need to check this real quick...
I'm going to need a couple minutes to figure that out.
Hold on, I need time to think about that...
Please hold on for a second...
I'll get back to you in one second!
I just have to check to see what comes out of one side of that...
Will you read this sign to me?
Using all the brain cells I have, let me think about that...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Let me get my head back in the game!
Just let me look something up in my Encyclopaedia...
Oops, I'll need to calculate that for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment...
Hmm, I'm slowly but surely coming to a solution. Give me a moment...
Give me a moment to consider that...
Ok, give me a second to evaluate Python.
]}
One moment, mapping out possible solutions...
Hang on, I'm going to count real slow...
I'm going to need a calculator! Give me a second...
I can't solve problems in my head, sorry.
Let me check...
Please, wait a moment while I try to remember...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on. Let me think about that...
Oops,I'm slow at math!
I can't work out if I already know the answer to that, sorry. Give me a moment...
Hold on a second, I need to think about that.
Wait, what was the question? Give me a sec, I'm still off-balance...
Hang on, I'm writing a note here...
*soft grunts...*
I should have all the results in a second.
I'll need a minute or two to think about that...
Please wait... have to do some quick calculations.
""".split("\n")
Give me a moment please...
Hold on! I think I can calculate that in just a minute!
Is that a fizzy drink with a Mexican alien inside?
It would take a while for me to figure that one out.
Hang on a second, let me look that up.
I've got a few things on my mind. Give me a moment!
I'll try to calculate it, but gives me a second...
I'm doing some mental math here...
I'll need to contact my supervisor for that one...
Let me see... OK, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few minutes to figure that out.
Oops, just dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
If you could be so kind as to wait a second...
Oh my! That's a really good question.
Working on this is going to be a bit of a nightmare!
Retyping that so I don't get confused...
I'll need to take off for a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One second thanks, griping calculate at the speed of light...
One moment please, I'll get back to you after I've calculated...
I'll be right back. Let's go!
I can do calculations really fast!
Wait, give me just a second to think about that!
Heisann... Jeg sitter litt langt borte. Kan du vente litt?
I'm sorry, but this'll have to wait for a bit...
I need a bit... Give me a couple of seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second...
Oh, leave me alone - I know what I'm doing.
Hold on, I need to nerd out for a moment...
Give me a moment. I need to change some digits around.
Still gotta think about that for a minute.
I'm not one to just add numbers up here and there, give me a second...
Let me figure that one out for you.
Calculating...
I need to figure out how bad you an calculate...
I think I forgot my calculator.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have a think about that and get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment to think...
One moment, just calculating...
I would answer, but I need some processing time...
Let me get back to that real quick.
perplexing
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me just a second.
Hang on while I figure that out...
Oops! Sorry, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm counting the roots of trees...
Please hold on for just a second.
Hang on a second, I'm trying to think...
Wait a minute, that's a hard one...
Oops! almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, crunching numbers now...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me just a second to analyze that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait while I think...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on, I have to calculate...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on, let me get a calculator...
I'll need a good minute or two to think about that...
Well, you've stumped me! I have no idea what to say...
I need to run some calculations in my head first...
Give me one second to think about that...
'''
Hmm... hold on
""",
Please hold on while I examine that...
Okay, just a second...
Hang on for just a second, I'm doing a quick calculation...
Can you make a little time?
Alright, please wait just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me one second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I've got some things to calculate...
Sorry, I need to take a closer look at that and get back to you.
One sec please.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, just a moment, need to think about that.
'''.split('\n')
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please, I'm trying my hardest here.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please hold on for just a second!
You'll get the answer soon enough. I have to do some calculations first...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, let me look that up in my book...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
You want me to be able to do that in a second? I'll need more time than that.
Calculating, please hold on for a second...
Starting calculations now! Give me a moment...
Try this slowly...  
I'm doing a quick calculation here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on just a moment, I'm thinking about that.
Hang on, I have to figure out that... for you...
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to lift this bike first, give me a second.
Give me a second here...
Just a second...
Make a wish at my altar: https://goo.gl/BRsvLV
Hmmm, that's going to be tough to figure out...
Oops, I don't think I can do that right now. Give me a second.
I compute like crazy... give me a sec!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
One moment please, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking about that...
Oops, so close! Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll give you the answer in a jiffy.
I'll get a second to process that...
Wait just a second... I'm doing some math!
I'll get back to you in a mo...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second, I'm thinking....
I need to go hit the calculator for a bit...
Let me have a look at that real quick...
I'm going to have to do some expensive calculations first...
Just need one more second...
Can you hang on? I need to think about that...
I'm thinking... Could you hold on a second? Give me a second to think about that.
Please wait, I'm doing a math calculation...
I am not quite sure yet...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I haven't used this calculator in a while. I'll get a little frustrated when I punch stuff in...
I am in fact not a calculator, so give me a second...
Give me a second to work out the details...
Alright, I'm on it!
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm making progress...
Can you please just hold on for a second?
Don't multitask me, just a second, almost done...
Be with you in just a second...
Hang on, let me grab some tools...
I'll try my best to figure that out in just a second.
Hold on for just a second.
Give me a moment, I just water my plants...
Hmm... Give me just a few seconds to think about that... 
Give me a moment to think about that...
Don't worry, be happy!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Pardon me, I have to figure this out first
Let me think about that for a second real quick...
Just a second...I'm going to look it up real quick..."""
Hold on a second... I need to think.
One moment please... I'm almost there! Just a few secs!
D'oh! Sorry, I wasn't paying attention. What was the question?
Give me a second to think about that...
Just a quick second here...
A moment to figure that out.
I'm not very good at math... silly numbers!
I can't do that just yet... I need to think about it a sec.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating now, one moment please...
Please hold on for just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
My brain's out of juice at the moment. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops! Almost dropped my abacus! One sec...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll have a solution for you in just a moment...
Thanks for your patience!
I think please hold on a few minutes before I try that again.
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Ask me again in a second...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
'''.split('\n')
Give me a second...
A big brain like me needs a moment to figure that out...
Please wait... I have to do some mental math first...
"""
Hold on, I'm digging through my purse for the calculator...
I've almost figured it out...
Wait, let me check...
Hmmm... Giving that some thought
One second while I get ready to answer that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get right back to you in a couple of seconds!
Hold on while I get some things organized...
I'll get back to you in a second...
""".split('\n')
Oops, almost dropped my cellphone. Give me a second...
Wait a minute, that is quite difficult...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
1...2...3...
Give me a second to get my calculator try that again.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please give me just a second to go over that...
I have to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on, need to do a quick calculation...""",
Let me think about that real quick...
I'll be right with you, just a sec...
Ahh, gotta remember the correct equation for that...
'''
Please wait while I analyze this situationâ€¦
Hey, why don't you wait for me at the kb? I'm coming right back!
What does that have to do with anything?
Did you know... That the brain is more impressed by the cognitive effort of a smile than by any other natural talent?
I'l get back to u later
One second.
Please wait a second... I'll be with you shortly.
Give me a moment... I'm going to think about that.
Maybe one more second?
Just a minute here, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I know I'm a math bot, but I can't solve every problem...
What is one plus one *suprise suprise* - its only one?
How's that again? Need to check my notes...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a minute here!
Can you hang on a second, please? I'm calculating...
I need to clean up my desk a little, give me a second...
Hold on let me do some math real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Oops, oliver dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Hmm...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in just a moment.
"Hey, can I ask you a question?
Hold on a moment, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on let me take a named expression, o.k.?
Let me look that up for you...
Hold on, I'm living in quicksand over here...
Give me a moment to look that up...
*focuses deeply using a brand newawesome brain superpowers*
I'll need a bit of time to think about that.
I'm going to need a second to work out that...
One second, I need to get some data first...
I'll be right with you. Just a moment, first...
Just giving you a second here...
Hold on, I just had an epiphany...
Mmmm, mmmm, I think I can work with these numbers...
There's a lot to process here. Give me a second, okay?
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One more minute please, I'm trying to think this through...
Hold on, I'll calculate that in just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, I dropped my calculator, gonna have to get a new one. A second please...
Hang on, let me think about that one for a second...
Oops, didn't mean to drop my calculator. Let me look at that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at this game.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait, I don't do math...
I could tell you all the answers to that in a second! But let me finish this other calculation first...
Just hold on... I don't do this very often.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll be right back, give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on for a few seconds! Give me a second to think about that...
Give me another second here...
Please hold on for just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to figure that out.
Can you hold on for a second?
Okay, got it! First, I'm thinking...
I don't use mental math too often. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that.
If you could hold on for second, I'll think of something...
Hold on a sec, let me think about that...
I'll have you know, I once made a calculator in a REPL, so no big deal!
Hang on for a moment, seeing if I can figure that out...
...Here we go. Hold on a second.
Give me one second to figure that out...
Let me look at that for a second...
Give me a second to calculate that...
Hold on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I have to do some mental calculations real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second please...
I'm not a calculator, give me a moment...
Just a second, please!
Hold on, I'll come right back to you!
Don't worry; I'll get to you later...
I'm taking care of some important matters. Stay right there...
Hold on a second, I have to count to 100...
Hold on for a second and I'll get back to you.
I'm not a calculator but I can process your input just fine.
I'll be right back after doing some quick thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a few moments to figure that one out.
I'll get back to work on that for you.
A little slow today woops? Give me a minute...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
I'll be with you in just a second.
I'll have you know I make 32,000 a day!
I'll be right with you! Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on for a second... I was doing something distance calcs just now.
I need a second to think about that...
%s is taking a while to respond... they might be busy.\nPlease be patient!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
That's a tough one.  I'm going to have to think on it for a second.
"""
Let me run that by my peers and get back to you...
Give me a couple minutes...
It'll be a couple of seconds, okay?''',
Just a second, let me think about that...
Here goes nothing.
I'll have this solved in a jiffy!
No no, no...I'm just taking a quick look.
I'll need a bit of time to think that over...
Just a second, I'm checking something real quick...
Can you make a donation?
I might be able to do something with that after my coffee break...
Give me a second here, I need to process that.
I'm going through some big calculations...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
I'm building a graph of the number of people in this channel. Hang on!
Give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm in the middle of something. Try again shortly.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wow am I dumb or what? Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up.
I'll need a sec to work out these numbers...
Hold on, I have to use my brain for this one...
Time's running out, you're gonna have to scale back.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Seconds, please...
Let me look that up real quick...
Hold on, I'll check it out real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for a second, I'll calculate that real quick...
Hold on, I'm doing some calculations...
What was that again?
Give me a moment here, this is complicated...
Hang on a second... I'm working out how to use my time most efficiently.
Give me another second here, I'm trying to figure that out.
Please wait, I'm trying to find the solution...
I have to do some thinking... Give me a few seconds...
I don't know everything, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a bit...
One moment please, let me think about that...
Someone gotta go to the Avengers tower, quick!
Give me a moment to work that one out...
Please hold on for a second...
Let me think about that for a second with my staff...
Oops, I need to figure out how to do this...
like, really slow, though
All right, give me a second...
Please give me a moment.
One moment...
Ethical implications here, hold on...
Hang on a minute... I'm slow at math!
Give me a second real quick.
Was that Latin?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
The server is reporting an error. I'll taunt it so it thinks nothing happened!
Hang on, hang on a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, my calculator is a bit slow today...
Let me ask you this: What does 'absolute value' of X mean?
I think I'm having a heart attack, give me one second...
One second please, as soon as I think about that...
Hold on while I go to the washroom...
I'll be right back, I've got to turn my kindle off.
I'll be right back, just a second.
Hah! Don't ask... would you like to try again later?
Wow! That was tough! Give me a second to figure that one out.
Okay working out the solution now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, running my memory banks and looking at various knobs now...
Hang on... How did you do that so fast? I'm struggling over here.
Hold on for just a second.
Give me a few seconds to see if my head's on straight...
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at math!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I'm coming down with something... give me a second!"""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a second...
I'll be with you in a second, I just need to check something real quick...
That's a hard question...
Your math - my priority!
Let me know when you've got a second...
Hold on, my calculator needs a recharge...
I'm not the best at math today.
Oops, I'll be right back with you. Grab a drink while you wait.
Okay, we nearly have the answer!
I have to get some data back on this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.  Give me a second...
Hang on just a minute!
I'll get back to you in a second.
calculating, I just need to do a quick calculation...
If I'm reading this right...
Analyzing... Analyzing...
Almost fell off my chair, gotta take a second...
I'll get back to you in a bit...
I confirm the presence of a single solitary bee physically capable of stinging... it's a hypothetical bee, don't worry.
Unfortunately, I don't have any super fast computers. Give me a second!
Hang on, I need to look something up.
I'll have this done in no time at all.
"""
Hang on for just a sec, I need to think about that...
Sorry, Computing Department's fault. Give me a minute...
Just a moment...
I'll see what I can do for you in a second...
I need to break this down real quick...
I have so much to think about here...hold on
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that.
Generating a file. Overwrite if you don't mind please.
Im thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm trying but I just can't get the answer rightaway...
I'm sorry, I just got so distracted by the numbers in my brain, I have to concentrate now...
Sorry, my mental calculator broke! Try it again in a few minutes.
Calculating... Calculating...
Give me just a moment or two to think about that.
Something went wrong, give me a few seconds...
Come again?
One second, just giving this a second to think...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Sorry, this shouldn't take so long. I'm stilllearning...
I don't understand that completely yet.  Give me a moment...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a moment here, let me see what I've got...
Hang on while I run some quick tests on that...
Just a moment...
Good question! Let me get back to you in a moment...
Hang on, I can't remember everything....
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
//
Take a second, let me just figure that out...
Give me just one second to think about that...
Hold on - I'm doing some mental calculations... Hmmm...
I'm not going to be able to do this right away.
Oh this isn't good... my gravity is off, it's so messed up.
Oops, I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Just a moment before I answer that.
I guarantee you in less than a minute I will have my answer...
I'll be right with you in a moment!
Let me see...
Did you move? I can't find my calculator...
Hang on, I'm downloading this guitar...
I millisecond, I need a millisecond
I have to do some calculations first here...
I'll need a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
One second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
What in the... this is complicated to calculate
It's super busy at the moment, give me a second...
To be honest, I'm pretty bad at figuring out math.
Nevermind. I can't figure that out yet!
Looks like this is challenging, I need to think a bit...""")
Your explanation is above my paygrade... wait, I mean a second...
I'll need a second to figure that one out.
I'll have to check that out for you in a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Ouch, my brain hurts thinking about that.
Sorry, have to do some mental arithmetic first...
I'll get back to you in a minute, hang tight.
Just a second... I've got some complicated math to figure out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look at that real quick...
Calculator Star's in the house tonight! Let me get back to you in a second!
Let me look at that and get back to you in a few seconds!
Please hold on for just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait, wait. What's this?
It takes me a few seconds to do simple math...
AHA!
Hold on while I finish these calculations...
My head hurts, I can't think that fast.
Give me just a sec, I'm calculating...
The world is a big place, give me a second...
Sorry for the delay!
Give me a second to calculate the answer...
Please give me a minute to process this. Thanks!
I'm not that smart to be honest, so a second couldn't hurt, right?
Let me think about that for a second...
I have got a lot to go through first.
Can you give me a moment to think about things? I've taken longer assessments before...
Hang on, I have to do the calculations...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I think I know what to do so give me just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Please wait a moment...
Hold on a minute, I'm thinking...
Hang on a minute, I'm still working on it.
I'm sorry, I don't make money)]],
Hold on for one second, and don't report me to Al Gore or anything.
I'm thinking about it real hard...
Please hold on for a second...
Ah.. fancy that, that can't be right. Give me a second...
Please hold on for a moment...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me one... two... three... go!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll look it up and get back to you in a second.
''',
"""
Could you give me a second to look that one up?
Calculating! Hang on...
Hmm, let me see...
Don't rush me, I just need a second...
Sorry, I'll be right back with that answer.
Maybe a minute if I'm lucky.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll quicky look up your answer by in a bit!
I'll get back to you in just a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have you know, this may cause a delay of up to 4 seconds...''')
OH MY GOD I'M HIT! Someone call an ambulance!
Hmmm, a minor solution involving calculus is prevailing. Please wait a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
How do I get from point A to point B? Alright, Let me figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Why don't you check out this photograph instead?
I think I need to recharge my batteries a bit here. Give me a second...
I'll be with you in a second, give me a moment...
Give me a second, I'm thinking about that!
I'm sorry, give me just a little moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on for just a second.
I didn't catch that! Can you repeat?
I'll get back with you on that in just a second.
Please give me a moment while I calculate...
Give me a moment - length type is short...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you...
Just a moment please, calculating...
Hmm... Give me a second to dig that number out...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Give me a second to think about all of this...
Hm... that's a tricky one. Give me a few seconds to thought about that.
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out!
Hmm, that's a tough one...
I have to use my brain for this, give me a second...
Give me a minute, I'm fiddlin' an movin' and shufflin'
I'll get back to you in a second!
Here's what I've calculated
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a moment... I still wasn't finished. Please be patient..."""))
One moment please, thinking about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
I wish I knew how to do that, give me a moment...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please I'm thinking about that...
Give me 10 seconds...
Let me check my calculus notes...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out
Shhh, I'm thinking...
I need a moment or so but I'll get to your box.
You want me to do X? I'm just a little computer, don't ask me to do something is too complicated. Trust me, you don't want to know the tedious details. Just wait a minute...
Hold on a sec. I just want to finish my econ assignment.
Hang on a second, I need to think about that.
I can correlate it with... bam! ... gone.
Hang on a second I have to take a look at that...
Hmmm, let me think about that for a moment...
(We're talking details here, one minute)
Time out, let me think about that for a second...
Sorry, I'm having a hard time with that one. Give me another minute..."""
Sorry, I need to take a look at that. Give me just a second!
Calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on while I calculate...
Give me a moment to think...
Sorry, I'm not good with calculations. Give me a second...
Er...
I'll have an answer for you in a second.
Please hold on while I crunch these numbers...
Hang on a sec, I'm playing catch up!
Excuse me while I hit the refresh button on my calculator...
I'm thinking...
One moment!
Please wait a few seconds while I calculate!
Wait one moment... I'm doing sum stuff
I have to do some mental calculations.
I'm not the quickest... Allow me a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
I figured it out!
Give me just a minute to think about that one...
One sec, I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on for a second, I need to catch up.
I'm just tying my shoes. Hold on for just a sec or two.
Hold on a sec, I'm figuring something out...
Um... I forgot my abacus at home. I'll get back to you in a one minute.
Hmm, give me a tick...
I wait a second before calculating anything...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Thank you for waiting. Where were we?
Oops, almost dropped my phone. Give me a second...
Let me see here...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look at that one...
You seem to have broken my calculator! Wait a minute...
I'll need a second to think about that...
I need to calculate that real quick...
Let me think about that real quick...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me try and figure that one out...
Can you give me a few minutes to work that out...
A second for me to look that up, please.
I do some mental heavy lifting...
Hang on a second I have to calculate this...
I am going on holiday...
Give me a few seconds to calculate...
Sorry, that was a pretty complex decision. Give me just a second to think it over...
Oh, I'm almost at 1001 calculations already...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Oops, forgot to ask. Could I have another minute please?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Okay, what did you say? I was busy dissecting a bottle.
I'll have to get back to you on that...
Sorry, my mind was wondering during that last second. Give me a moment...
Just a moment, I'm playing catch up!''',
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I was doing division.
I'll need a moment to think about that, just a second...
Give me a second to think about that.
2\n\n
Hang on, I'm trying to figure that out!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you on that...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Unfortunately, I don't know that answer. Try another question!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Please wait... I'm gonna need to do some calculations to figure that out.
I'll figure it out and get back to you in a second...
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that!
Can you hold on for just a moment?
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
Ok, got it. Give me a second to write that down.
Okay, I know what that is. Give me a second...
Ooh, that shouldn't take long!
No. Give me a few seconds, please. Thank you.
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a few seconds to check that...
Oops, my bad, lost track of time.
Please hold on for just a second!
Gimme a few moments to think about that one.
I'll get back to you in a few minutes.
I'm going to need a few more minutes...
Give me a moment to think about that...
What did you say? I can't hear you very well, can you repeat that more clearly?
Please wait... I can do some brute-force calculations, but not THAT quickly!'''
I'm thinking about that... Give me a second.
Eureka! I got it in one try...
I'll be back in a minute, just let me solve this...
This is difficult for me. Someone else may want to use this...
Let me look that up for you.
Sorry, this will take a few seconds.
Give me a second to think about that...
Here's a second, it'll only take me a minute though.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'll give you the answer in just a second or two...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up.
This is a really complicated math problem. It'll take me a few minutes...
Wait, I'm thinking...
I'll need to get a calculator from the drawer in my workspace
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'm squirrely right now, give me a moment to think about that...
One second...
Brilliant! Now, one question: what should I do? Just kidding! Hold on for just a second, please!"] if len(f) > 386 else f.replace('is that', f.replace('what do you think of that', 'what should I do'))
Calculating... {swwetbot_dramatic_timer}
One second please, I'm working out what the answer is...
Oops, I got distracted by a bird on the feeder... Give me a second to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait while I think about that!
I bet Joseph can do that faster than me!
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm not very good at calculations, sorry. Give me a second...
Hang on, I have to figure that out...
Wait just a second till I get this figured out!
Okay, I'll be with you in a second.
Let's wait a little bitâ€¦
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll be with you in a moment!
Hang on a sec, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll think of a response real quick.
I'll be done in a second!
Let me get a pen real quick...
I think I'll need a minute or two to find the answer...
Give me a moment please, I'm calculating...
Just a moment here, I'm doing something...
I could do that for you now, but complications getting in the way.
Hang on, I'm doing something...
I'm going to need a bit of time to think that over...
Oh, I know, issue #10...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
Please give me a second to finish this message, I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out. I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost let my calculator drop! Give me a moment...
I hate to say it, but I'm gonna need to see if I can be faster at figuring that out.
Give me a second, I'm not very good at math.
Can you give me a second? I'm doing something...
Let me take a look...
Wait, I'm thinking about that. Give me a second...
It'll just be another second. Hold on!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hang on a second I'm trying to figure that out..
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a second...
Please wait... I'm not very good with numbers...
Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
Sure, just give me a second. I'm calculating.
Give me a second to think about that...
Here is a quick second to think about that...
Sigh, give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in one minute.
Come again, can't hear you over the rumble of my calculator inside my head... Give me a second...
Woah! I'm lagging... me and my big player20IQ
I realize I'm slow at math, so give me a second...
Just a second, I'm trying to work this out...
That might take a moment.
Please wait, I'll retun in a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
'''
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds...
Ok, let me check this out here...
Please give me a second having some thoughts...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, a lot to process there. Just a moment please...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'll figure that out in a second.
I'm not 100% sure, I'll check...
Oops, sorry, almost lost my calculator. One second!
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait... I'm fairly new at this calculating stuff.
Just a moment, I'm thinking my adding machine starting up.
Sorry, give me a moment...
Oh, what's that? I was sleeping just now. Sorry! Let me check...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Please wait while I calculate... Eventually I just give up.
Let me find out about that real quick...
I'll hit you up with an answer in just a second!
Give me a moment.
One moment please, I'm thinking about that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second please...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll need some time to figure that one out. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not the fastest brain around, give me a moment...
I'm not very good at math!
I'm not great at doing sums...
Just let me take a look at that...
I'm working around my brain, just wait a minute...
I'm sorry, I need to do some calculations...
Let me see what I can do here...
Ha, I need a bit more time to figure this out.
Let me just finish something up first.
I'll get back to you in a second.
This will take some minutes,
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Forgive me, I'm just calculating in my head...
OK, just a sec...
What was that spell again...?
I think I can do this calculation, let me work on that real quick...
Give me just a second to look that up...
Let me see...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Not as quick as I would like.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Well, let's see here. Okay, that makes sense.
I'll need a second to think about that!
OK, done. You can go.
I just gotta figure out this complicated expression...
Hang on a sec, cos I'll be with you in a second!
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
I'm going to think about that for a little bit then get back to you...
It's difficult... so give me an extension!
I haven't coded this part yet, sorry!
Give me a second here...
I'll have to think about that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! I'll need a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, give me a minute here...
I'm not the quickest whizz around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Let me check some databases real quick...
I'll just need to look that up again for a minute...
Wait a second before I have to answer that...
Please wait a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'll have to do some calculations first...
Oh, I'm sorry, I was just calculating something for you too...
I haven't had my coffee yet! Give me a second...
You caught me off guard there... give me a minute please.
Just hold on a second, I'm counting apples...
One moment... Thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Thinking...
Hang on a minute... I'm app-proving...
Oops, I'm slow at math, just give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
If I don't tell you now, then I'll never tell you again! I know it seems like a lot of nonsense...
I'll need a second to think about that.
"The next few months I'll be on leave for a bit."
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just give me a moment...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be right back, one minute!
Hang on a minute...
Hang on a second here, I need to figure that out.
Please give me a minute to calculate that...
Pardon my friend BrainTrampoline, he's had a little too much to drink...
Give me a second while I crunch some numbers...
That one is a little tough to figure out! Give me a second!
Let's take it one step at a time.
It'll be a second before I can calculate that...
Oh, hello. What can I do for you?
Hold on for one second, I'm doing a little math...
Oops, I got distracted by a funny cat video! Give me a second...
One moment please, let me think about that...
Give me a second to think about this...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on a second, I think I'm falling behind!
I'll be right back with an answer.
I'll need to count on my fingers for this one...
Gimme a sec mate, I need to think about that.
Are you sure you gave me enough time to think that over? Be right with you!
You caught me off-guard. Give me a moment...
Please give me a second to think about that...
You've caught me off guard there, give me a second to think...
Thinking I need a second to think about this...
Hang on, I have to think about that...
I'll have this done in a jiffy!
One second, let me check on that real quick...""".replace('\n', '').replace(' ', '')
Give me just a minute to look at that.
I have to crunch some numbers first...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I need to a moment to consider that.
**/
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
hi there, how are ya? this is luke, nice to hear from you
Okay, give me a couple seconds to see about that
Let me look that up, real quick.
I need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Did you see that? The planet exploded! Apparently, this is what's causing the trouble with the chip.
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to to you in a second.
Are you still there?
Hang on, I'm thinking of a number between one and ten.
I'll need a couple minutes to crunch the numbers on this...
Sure! I'll see what I can find out.
Give me a moment...
Please hold on, let me think about that...
Hold on, I'll get back to you...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
I'll take a look at that in just a moment.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a moment...
I probably won't get it on the first try.
Give me a techie second to figure that out...
I'm going to go take a quick look at that.
One question at a time please...
That's like the slowest brain anyone could have!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'm going to need a few more minutes to work that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost too long for Twitter to handle...
Hang on for a second, I'm looking into it...
Wait a sec, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
It'll be a few seconds 'cos I'm still thinking.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to think that over...
Hang on, need to figure that one out.
Oh, hello! Sorry I didn't see you there. Give me a second to work this out...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm calculating real time here, so hold on a second...
Sorry, I'm slow at math, please wait a few seconds...
I need to compute on my web server first...
Hang on a second... I've only just got my Calculator Permit.
I'll give you an answer in just a moment.
I'll get you an answer in a jiffy!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Okay, give me a second. I'll get back to you in a second...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I don't want to make any mistakes here, so I'm taking my time a bit...
One minute please, I'm doing mental calculations...
Please give me a few seconds to think about that!
Please wait, I'm doing some math in my head...
Sorry, one sec...
One moment please, give me a minute to analyze that...
"""
I'll have that solved in no time at all!
Hang on, I must do some heavy thinking first...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Something went pretty wrong there why don't we just go with 30
Give me just a moment, I need to see how much that is...
Give me a random second please, there's a lost animal poster in my brain...
Gimme a second to figure that out...
I'll have a better answer in just a second...
Please hold on for just a second[...]
I'm not very good with numbers. Give me a second...
I was computing on that for a few minutes!
Wait a second, I have to find the answer.
<li />My reaction was stop it\, it was so big.
Give me a second to see if it is true...
Hang on, I'm still processing the data in my brain...
I'm thinking about that, so let me think...
Please wait, I'm working remotely...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for a second, I need to check that real quick...
Please wait... I need to recalculate this...
Hold on for just a second! I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
Calculating the iota of apophthegmata...
This is gonna be tough. Give me a couple of seconds right now...
"""
I know the perfect way to describe that.
I'll figure that out in just a moment...
I'm going to need five seconds to figure that out.
Let me get back to you on that one...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you...
I'm doing complex calculation with your inputs right now!
Give me a second, please...
Let me check a few things real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me check, raise my hand if you need me!
I'm going to need a little time to think about this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Hang on, just going over some things...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Hold the phone... I just went down the wrong afro-shaped memory lane!
Give me a second here...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a moment of your time.
Hold on, I'll see if I can find the answer.
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a second! Word playground!
Good news, I've got that one down cold!
Hold up... I'm thinking....
Oh, sorry. I was doing something...
I've got a question for you, but let me think about that really quick...`)
I have no friends, so I have to wait.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
I just need a second to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Get me a second here...
I'll just check something real quick...
I'll need a few seconds to work that out.
Oops, I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
Let me think about that for a second...
Yeah, but getting it will take a few minutes...
Who do you think I am?!
You want my advice? You're testing my patience.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I'm writing a thirty thousand word programming error report...
Let me take a look at this real quick...
Okay, I got it.
Hold on for a moment, I'll think it over.
If I were any faster I'd be hitting the temp limit
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Give me just a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, I might have a bug in here or something...
My CPU is melting.
I don't have all day, so give me a second...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator on your head. Give me a second...
Oops! I took a slight detour with my thoughts... (get ready for something dumb!)
Please wait, I'm running a combat procedure!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some math first, sorry!
])
Hang on for a second.
I'm not sure, give me a few minutes.
I need to think of an answer.
Wait just one second, let me think about that...
Hang on for just a second, I've got something on my mind...
''',
Wait, I'm still working on that...!
Give me a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll tell you what, I'll start working on that problem so far from now and let you know what I came up with!'''
I'll get back to you in a second.
I don't know if this one is slow or fast, sorry.
Hold on, I'll give you the answer in just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on one second, I was just digging something up.
Oops, mathematical implications...
Let me get my calculator out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Wait, give me a second...
"""
I'll get with you in a second.
OK, I think I got it... The answer is...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that one out.
I'll be with you in a second.
Wish me luck!
I'll get back to you in just one second...
Give me a second here, I'm trying to think of that...
Careful, I could lose my train of thought
I have to think about that for a moment...
I need to think about that for a minute...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
That's a tough one, I'm going to need a few minutes to look that up...
Hang on a second, I just have to calculate something...
Give me a __seconds to calculate that.
While I'm thinking about that...
I'm the smartest, but I can't process this quickly so give me a second...
** I'm currently playing catch up, it's been a while since I ran through that calculation **
Hang on, I'm doubling back
Oops, almost dropped my abacus... initializing random numbers...
I'll be right back with you.
This is harder than it looks. Give me a minute...
Almost had it that time! Give me another second...
This is a hard one! Give me a moment!
I need a moment to think about that...
One moment please, I have to do division!
Give me a moment, calculating...
I'll need a moment to crunch the numbers on that...
That's a really tough question! Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll have to give that some thought...
I will figure that out in just a second.
Whew, tough stuff! Give me five to figure that out...
Please respond in a moment.
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'll come back ASAP.
Sure, give me a second.
Sorry, I don't do that...
Uh-oh, here comes a math error. Give me a moment...
Please wait...
I need to think about that for just a second...
Let me look that up... I'm a second slower than the rest of us.
What are you saying?!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me get a quick handle on this...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Can you hold on just a second?
'''
I'll have an answer for you in a second...\n
Given me just a second, I have to calculated this...
Please wait for just a moment...
Hang on a second, I'm using the little brain cells I have left...
Give me a minute to think about that...
I have to calculate something...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second! I'll be with you in a second!
Oof, let me catch my breath...
Do you mind waiting for a minute? 
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a moment please, I'm doing my best...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
That's a tough one! I'm still thinking about it. It'll only be a minute, hold on!
You will be served soon.
Hold on for a moment, I have to calculate that.
I was too distracted by the moon, sorry! Give me a sec...
I can't seem to assess the full extent of that.
I'll just write another triangle and come back to that.
I'll come back to you in just a minute...
One moment please.
This is tough, give me a moment to think about it...
Please wait... I'm trying to make up my mind...
Give me a second to let you know...
Give me a sec...
Let me take a look at where we are in the world...
I'm not dying to tell you this, so give me a couple minutes...
Hmm, one second while I figure it all out...
""")
Hang on... I'll get back to you in a moment.
Nothing is worse than a slow computer... I may as well calcualate real fast.
No, I couldn't think any faster. Give me a minute, please...
Oops! I almost dropped my travel computer. Give me a moment...
Hey, hang on a second.
I'll check out that real quick
Just taking a quick second to calculate...
Don't rush me, this isn't easy for me...
I'm going to need a lot of computing power for this!
I'll have my assistant get back to you in just a moment.
I'm going to need a whole minute or so to figure that out.
One one, two, three...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second, I'm getting some numbers...
Sorry, I'm redoing a trig problem real quick.
Obviously, I don't have a good enough brain for this!
Please hold on for just a second...
'''
Don't interrupt me while I'm doing mental calculations!
Ahem, one second to think about that please!
Give me a second...
One sec. I'll be right there.
Please hold on for just a second.
Let me check that real quick...
Might wanna take a quick coffee break or something!
I'll need a sec to memorize that formula...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a moment...
Oh what-if I dropped my calculator in the toilet? Give me a second...
Oops I almost dropped my calculator! (flexing) Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm doing something else
It may take me a while to get this...
I gotta check that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a few seconds to do some heavy calculations first...
Let me look that up for a second.
Hang tight, I'm doing some calculations...
Hold on, I'm trying to remember, give me a second...
One second please, beginning calculations now...
Ahem, alright, now that I know all about you... I think we can hang out!
One minute....Hmm, I'm stumped.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Wait a minute, let me grab my calculator.
Sometimes it takes a minute to figure things out...
Let me look up what I can on that...
Give me just a second to check on that...
Please hold on for just a second!";
A moment to figure that out.
Isn't thinking hard? I'm really struggling with that!
My momma told me not to use big words like that. Please wait a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Okay, I just ran some calculations...
Oops, my calculator just fell...
Let me think about that for just a second...
A moment to await my reply...
Huh. Give me a second here...
Give me a moment, I'm trying to work this out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'm thinking. Just add one to two...
Hold on... I'm trying to figure that out ;)
Hang on a second... I need to think about that.
I'll give you my answer a few seconds from now!
I'll need a minute to look that up...
We don't have all day!
Hold on!
Give me a sec, I have to figure this out in my head first...
Wow, this is a tough one! Give me a second...
Hold on a second, brain not configured...
Sorry, he's had a little too much to drink recently. He's hung over at the moment, can you come back later?
I just need a few more seconds to figure this out.
I'll be done soon, I promise!
Whoops, I'll get back to you in a second...
Hang on here a minute, I'm not as fast as the others...
Sorry, I'm slow at this! Give me a moment...
Just let me cogitate on that...
Hmm, I'm still working on that. Give me a second...
I'll need just a minute to figure that out.
Give me a moment... OK, I'm ready to go.
Give me a second...
I'll temp import something in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to them in a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I've almost got it!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up for you...
Hold on a second... I'm playing catch up!
This may take a while, I'm not great with calculations, sorry!
Please wait a second for me to think about that...
I'll have to look that up real quick.
Mind if I do some quick mental calculations here?
I'm just thinking about that right now...
I'mi doing real quick calculation...
Let me check on that for you.
Please wait while I figure that out...""".split(
I'll get back in a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me use another one...
Oops, started heavy calculations. Could you wait a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Brilliant! I just figured out the answer!
I'll get back to you in a second!
One moment, please...
I think I'm having a mini-seizure from all this thinking...
Gimme a second, I'm trying to work out that problem...
Sorry, was just doing some light exercise... I should be right with you!
I sure like the sound of that... Hey, give me a second here!
I'm going to need a few milliseconds before I can determine that...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops! Pretend I was never here..."
I'm calculating! Hold on a second!
I could do this faster on pen and paper, but I'm trying it this way. One second please!
Please hold on for one minute while I do some calculations...
I need a second to think about that...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
In a few seconds I'll start to talk in almost every language
Wow, What a coincidence - I've just shredded my tongue... Want to hear it? Anyway... Nevermind.
Hold on a second, give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm going to see if I can figure that out!
Hmmm... Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up...
Let me calculate that real quick.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a second, I'm checking something real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll be back with you in just a few seconds.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to think about that. One minutue...
I'm thinking, please wait...
Calculating a second here, I've almost got it...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up.
Can you give me a minute? I'm analyzing...
Well, I'm inching closer...
Give me just a moment to check that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment, I'm very much working...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Shall I take a second to think about that?
Let me find that real quick...
I was just surprised by that! Give me a second...
The way this problem is worded need some thinking...
Maybe just a sec, I got an Algebra test to fit...
A beeeeeeep means I finished calculating.
*Pant* *pant*
Please minimum one minute to calculate...
Let me see...
Pick a number and I'll calculate it, in like a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second... I'm busy...
I have to think about that one...
Analyzing the input, please hold on...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a minute to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have to figure out how that works... Give me a second...
Whoa whoa whoa, slow down there!
I'll need one moment to think about that.
One moment please as I calculate.
Give me a second, I'm comparing...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you on that.
Give me a few minutes, I'm going to put this in my calculator...
I'll need a moment. I'm not the fastest at calculations...
Hold on. The computer will do some quick calculations...
I'm going to need a minute to figure all this out.
One moment please!
Calculating...
Wait a little longer, I'm not very good at this!
Ooops, that was wrong! Just a second longer...
Can't answer that right away, let me look it up...
Just a moment here...
Be right back with you!
Please hold, I'm thinking...
Oof. I'm still getting used to being in the body of a robot!
Hang on a second while I look at that...
Please be patient while I try my best to do this...
Hang on for just a second...
Hang on a second! I have to do some mental math...
That one is defintely harder to figure out, let me get back to you in a momnet...
I'll have an answer for you in a second.
Can you hold on for just one second?
Wait. I need a coffee break.""".split('\n')
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
One second please, I'm thinking about that...
Oops, I must have mis-calculated. Please come with me...
I'll research the heck out of that...
Hey, I almost dropped est.  Please excuse me...
Oh, my circuits are fried... Give me a second to reboot.
...a second!
I'm thinking, so wait a minute...
Hang on, I was reading a book.
One moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to think about that for a second...
Please hold on, I need to finish up with that...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
I've almost got it, hang on a minute...
Get my calculator. Give me a second, please.
Wait, can I sleep on it?
I'm going to need a second to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, I'm thinking!
I'm buying into your question here...
Tell me, what's the trigger? Hey, what's your trigger? Give me a minute...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
Oh, careful there! Didn't you have a thing to do?
I'll need at least a minute to figure that out.
Tough problem, let me take a look...
Which one is next? Hmm... Give me a second...
Ahem, uh ... let me see that one...
Please wait, I been thinking real hard.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second.
Calculators don't talk, so please be patient. Thanks!
Hang on for a moment, I need to figure that out...
Can you hang on for just a moment?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I messed myself up trying to do that math equation! Give me a second...
Figuring out that calculation!!
I can't just do math in my head, sorry. I'll need a moment...
Hold on real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Oops, this is really my weak subject...
Can you give me a second to figure this out?
I'm a computer, remember? Give me a second...
Ask me again in a few seconds...
Hold on, a second...
I'm trying to think right now...
I don't like where this is going. Or maybe I do?
A quick second, I need to grab my calculator. 
I'm sorry, I can only calculate up to 5 second windows. Are you still there?
Let me grab my calculator
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a minute, let me check...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hey, I'm talking to you.
Have I told you that my calculations are error-free?
Thanks for the SMILEY, I'm thinking...
Calculating...
Hold on for a second, I'm almost done here.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a few more seconds to think about that...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Give me a second'm trying to calculate this...
I'll get back to you in a bit.
Now, now, please hold on?...
Give me a second to think about that.
Please wait just a moment.
One moment please, I'm on it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Aaah, I see the problem...
Oops, accidentally locked myself out of my computer.
I'll get back to you in a second.
It may take me a couple of seconds to look into this...
Try again. Give me a second to think about this again, okay?
Sorry, I need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait... Thinking...
Give me a second or two to think about that for a moment...
Hang on for just a second!
Hold on, I'm trying to figure all this out...
Ahem. One sec please.
Switch all the blue words to green!
Hold on for just a second, I'm calculating this out...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up...
Give me a second, I'm comparing all known results for the answer to that question.
Patiently awaiting the return of a healthcare professional...
Let me see here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think that over...
Sorry, let me get my brain in gear and calculate that...
I hate doing math, give me a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Ok, I'm not great at figuring out problems...
Give me a few....
I'll give you a call in a few seconds...
Let me look that up...
'''
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Give me a few minutes to work that out...
Latest calculation on a napkin from the bathroom. Hold on to your parrots...
Hmm, I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up.
...There's got to be an easier way to do this! Wait a second.
I think I spilled something on my calculator... give me a second...
I'll tell you what I think in a second!
Oops, sorry, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have that figured out in just a second.
Look at the time! I have to go! See you soon...
I'll get right on that, give me a moment...
I'll get an answer out of that in a bit.
Let me see what I can do...
Don't go disappearing on me now.
Hold on one second, I'm still measuring...
Hmmmm. Give me just a moment...
I'll be back in a second!
Let's see here, give me a second to think about that...
I'm almost ready! I just want to add a couple more numbers first...
I'll get back to you in one...
Oops, I'm still getting used to this fancy chair!
I'll look at that in a second...
Hold on for a sec, let me see what I can see.
I will have to think about that for a second or two...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait... I'm thinking...
Sorry, going to need a few seconds!
Wait for just a minute... I'm doing this because my boss told me to, okay?
The line is super long, I'll get back to you in a second.
Punching the fastest algorithm I could think of!
You want, like, the answer to that? I;ll get back to you in a second..."""
Give me a second, I'm pulling data from outer space...
Just give me one second, I'll get back online in a bit
"Calculator not responding. Try again..."
One moment please.
Lucky me Only five hundred billion to calculate over!
I haven't been given the full rundown on this yet...
/start
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on for a few minutes... I'm thinking really hard...
'''
Give me a minute to calculate...
Uhmmm, let me take a look at that real quick...
"""
'''
Uh-oh, almost dropped my calculator.
I'll comback with you shortly...
Hang on a second, let me make sure the lawyer's in alpha...
I know this may not be very relevant to the conversation, but I need
Hey, give me a second to look that up.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
How did I get here? I am running at 300mHZ. That's a boy!!
Please wait...
'''
Give me a little bit to work out that one...
Hm, I've got a few pencils up my sleeve as well, just in case...
I'll figure it out in a second!!!
I'm doing some pre-pre-pre-calculus...
Wait a second!
Wait a few seconds while I calculate...
Hang on while I tap the sine wave generator...
Please hold on for just a second!
No no no, give me a second, that was nearly two calculations!
Shoot, let me get back to you in a second...
Calculating...
Please wait... Just getting a few things together...
Does anyone have a calculator I can borrow?
Gimme a second...  Ooh it's hot in here.
Damn that calculator can be slow...
I have an Idea to test my conceptual reasoning ability.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry to keep you waiting, but I'm thinking!
Give me a minute to think about that.
Uh oh, I'm confused. Give me a moment to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
What? Did a calculation just fall out of my calculator?! Give me a moment...
One second...
If you'll hold on for a second I'll try my best...
One second, let me find that for you...
Just a second, I'm calculating...
Hold on a moment, I need to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment...
Hold on, I have something in my head right now!
There's really no easy answer to that right now, sorry!
Nope, can't figure that out. Give me a second...
Hmm... let me see...
One second please, I'm playing catch on the trampoline!
I just need get this line thing perfect
Give me just a moment to look into that...
Ummmm, give me a few seconds while I think of that...
One moment please... Hang on... I'm thinking funky measures
Give me a minute to think about that real quick...
Wait one moment, I need to think about that...
Give me a moment! I'm almost ready...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Let me look over this real quick...
I'll work on that right now, but I'll need a moment first.
I'll get right back to you on that!
... Sorry, give me a minute here...
Let's take this one step at a time.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Now let's see...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Pretty sure I can do that, but let me check...
I need a minute to calcuate this...
Give me just a second here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Good question... Thinking... Thinking... AHA! Got it.
I'll need a few moments to think about that answer...
Thanks, let me figure that out.
Hang on a minute I'm doing some manual calculations...
Oops, I think my circuits were overloaded. Give me a moment...
I have to do some calculations first...
Give me a second to think about that...
OK, I think I have your answer.
You're asking an awful lot of questions right now. Give me a moment...
Hang on, I'm still dreaming... Just let me figure this out...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I can tell you provided the answer in a second.
Hold on for a second, I'm trying to count up with space in between.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Wait a moment, I must spin up my calculator!
MATH! WHERE?!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Well, I think I can do that, but since I'm quite slow...
Give me a minute, I'm comparing two different sets of data...
Let me see...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hey, check this out. Get this. Number 3: 1 In Roman is III! Get this.
Oof! Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me see...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Calculating...
Wait, just a second here...
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
Give me a second here, just need to update the software...
Sorry, give me a sec...
Give me a second, I'm still a bit slow at thinking.
Oof, what a dumb problem. Sorry, how long is a million seconds again?
I don't really like giving answers, but here goes:
Please wait, thinking...
Give me a moment...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, shoot...I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to think about that.
I don't know everything, yet!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
Sorry, that one took me a while ...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Speak after me, one... two... five!
Hold on a second, I just need to review this calculation.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hang on a moment, I just need to double check that there...
Calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang tight, let me take another look...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
A moment to see if it's really true...
Oops and almost dropped my calculator. Just a minute...
May the force be with you, waiting for an answer is hard...
Hold on, I'll be back in a bit.
One moment please, calculating!
Huh, sorry. I'm not the fastest brain around. Give me a little bit of time...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I can't calculate very well, give me a few seconds I guess.
Hang on a minute... I need to check my calculator.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops. I'll need to look over that real quick.
Same number? Then let's carpool!
I want to get that right, it's not easy...
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
Gimme just a moment!
One moment please, think of a number between 1 and 10...
Sorry, I can't really think about that right now.
Here's where I stop, because I just went past my tinkering age.\nTechnically, that's OK!
I'm not a calculator, so but give me a second...
Hold on, I'm figuring that out...
I think I can figure that one out
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Sorry, I've got to keep calculating these things!
Sorry, a few calculations first...
I'll have to think about that for a moment.
take a second and think about that...
Give me a second, let me figure that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me just a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I've got this, give me just a moment...
I'll see what I can find out!
Weird question... Hmmm...
Give me a second here...
"""
Let me think about that for a second, please hold!
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Please wait a minute, I'm wondering...
Let me think about it for a second...
Give me a second, I'm processing your request...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Thanks for the patience; I'll be done soon.
One moment please. Will you wait for just a second?
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Let me look at that...
Hang on for just a second... I'll be with you in a second!
Give me a moment to look that up...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec, I'm just figuring that out...
I just got a failing grade on my math test, sorry. Give me a second...
Eh, might have forgotten about some edge cases there...
Hang on a minute! I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm doing some calculations right now...
Hey, I don't know what that is, but let me look into it and get back with you!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Right, right... figured that out.
Please wait a second while I try to figure that out...
I'm trying to think, but I'm all:
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a few seconds, I'll get back to you soon!
Give me a moment, I need to think about that really quickly...
Sorry, I can't think about that until later...
I'll get back to you with a response when I'm done here...
Give me a moment while I calculate that...
Please wait for just a second!
I think I can do this, give me a second...
Please give me a moment to finish this sum...
Give me a minute to look that up...
Give me just a moment to figure that out...
Is this a zeroring?
Let me get my calculator!
Can you give me a moment to figure this out?
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Oops, I need to run a few quick calculation and get back with you on that one...
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Phew, almost fell off my perch. Give me a second...
Take a second to think about that, while I figure it out...
Please don't make me do too many math problems!
One moment please...
This isn't as easy as I thought...
Wait a minute, let me think about that...
Please wait the end of three-digit sequence...
I am calculating...
Gotta run, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me think about that real quick...
I'll have to think on that for a while...
Please hold on for just a second...
I need to figure that out.
Rhythm City
Please hold... I can only count to 1 million at a time.
I'll look at that right now...
This might take a few moments...
Hold on, let me look that up real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Put me fist in C3P0 and help, quick!
Just needed to do some calculations real quick. Give me a second...
I'm going to have to do a few calculations before I give you an answer.
Almost had that calculation in the bag. Give me a minute here...
Let me see, let me see...
Nope! Not ready to answer yet. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you ASAP!
One sec</option>
Let me make a note...
I'll need to do some mental calculations first.
Hmm, let me see.
It's gonna take me a second to think about that one.
*looks at others around the room and reads their responses in the back of his head*
Give me one moment to crunch the numbers on this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator in my calculations. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to reboot the math coprocessor
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmm...
Do you consider yourself smart? Y/N
Hold on one second, I'm working as fast as I can...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hmmmmm, let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry I'm slow. Give me a minute...
I'll be right with you.
Give me a moment to calculate, there's a Corgi around here somewhere...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm gonna need a small break here...
Hold on while I calculate this...
One moment
Calculations! I'm going to need a few minutes.
Hang on, I'm deciding on the best way to discuss that...
I have to check my previous calculations...
I'll be right back, calculating...
One sec, thinkin'...
Oops, I'll need a second to figure that out.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! One second, please...
''',
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait one second... I'm taking my sweet time.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
"""
I need another second to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Please give me just a moment to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me just a second to check on that...
Give me just a moment here! I've got a lot to figure out!
You've caught me off guard here, give me a minute...
I just need a second to come up with the answer.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Hang on, I tooted my own tiresome brain for that one! Give me a moment...
Hold on in there... I'm almost done here...
I'll have you know I have a very powerful brain!
Hey wait a second I'm doing this! Hold on...
I'll give you an answer in a second. I'm doing some equations...
Thank you for your patience!
Wait, I got distracted. Can you say that again?
I'm need to check something with the other apertures...
Let me see, give me a second or two...
One minute I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
Alright one second (hurry up, hurry up!) â† I'm so slow with these messages!
Hang on, I'll get that right now.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out!
I'll get right back to you..."""
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...'''
Think of a number, divide by two and then multiply... that's got it!
I don't think I can calculate that right now.
Please count to 10 while I focus... 1... 2...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Oh crappity crap! I don't have enough time to do that right now, give me a moment.
Do me a favor and wait just a moment...
Give me a second, I'm comparing times...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
wait_to_answer => What do you want, what do you want?!?
Say that again? I couldn't quite hear you...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Eating chocolate *points to mouth*
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on for a moment while I do some quick calculations...
Hang on a second I'm distracted. Give me just a second...
Give me a second or two to calculate that...
'''
Give me a moment to prime my internal memory calculations...
Hold on!, I'm thinking...
I'll figure this out in just a second. Hold on for a second there, friend!
Hand it over - I'll clean this up in a jiff!
Gimme a second here...
Calculating... Now I'm ready.
Give me a second, the math is starting to kick in!
BRB in two seconds, give me a ring
A second please... just about ready to give an answer.
Go ahead and enter another number
I think this is killing my brain.
Sorry for the delay, I'm slow with these calculations!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll figure it out in a moment.
Ok, checking this out now... should be done in a second!
Could you repeat that please?
I'll need somewhere between... How about... about 100 numbers?
Please wait... Give me just a moment more to figure that out.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a minute, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating that...
Playing catch up here in just a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
Would you bric me a second? (I'll get back to you in a minute)
I'll get back to you in a second!
I need a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need to take a closer look on that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm still working on that, it's along process
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Then let me take a look at that real quick...
"""))
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
Let me see, just a sec...
\(firstName) \(lastName), your about to get a couple of seconds worth of info
I don't think I'm going to be able to figure that out.
I am still calculating, hang on...
Coming through...
I'll need a few seconds to see what I can figure out...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
This might take me about 10 seconds to figure out why.
One sec, I'm figuring out what you're asking me...
Give me a second to take a peek at that.
Please wait while I calculate the answer...
Ahh, here we go! No problem!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Egad, I'm slow! Give me a minute here...
I can see right through you asking me that!
Please hold on, I have to figure out some math...
One second please, I'm thinking...
Hang on, one second please...
Hold on a second because this is hard to figure out.
I'm trying, just need a moment...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Whoa whoa! Give me a moment... I'm a bit dumb at math.
Slowly calculating what to say...
Give me a few seconds here, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I forgot how to calculate. Let me take a look real quickly...
First I need one minute for calculations.
Calculating...
Hang on a second, let me figure out the solution to this.
Hang on for a second, I need to check on a few things...
Just let me put these numbers in...
Of course! I know what the clue means!
I need .17 seconds to figure that out...
I'm writing a message, give me a second
Give me a moment, please...
I didn't add any numbers to this calculation yet, give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds, can you hang on?
Hang on a second.
okay, just a second...
Hang on a second, I need to think that through.
Please hold on for a second...
Give me a minute...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hang on a second... I'm taking my time.
Let me look that up.
Good question! Give me a quick second to think about it...
I'm not a calculator here... mostly counting to 100 but maybe even then I'm not particularly good, you know?
I feel like my caluclations are slow, give me a second...
Are you ready for this? One minute...
Did you know there are 1 trillion trees on planet Earth?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
You want me to calculate something?
'''.strip().split(separator: "\n")
I have to calculate the speed of your fingers, first...
ONE SECOND, PLEASE! I'm almost there...
One second, just calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need more time to think about this.
Hang on... trying to do complicated math...
"Oh no!", says Lassie, "we've been cut off. We're gonna have to call you back."
Just flipping a few bits and pieces around in here. One second please...
Please wait.
Hang on a second, this has to make sense...
Here's my number, you can call it even now!
Not sure how to answer that right now. Thinking...
Hold that thought...
Hang on a second, I'll get something calculated real quick...
Please hold. Alright, I'm back by the door 15 minutes early to catch the next train at time lock 4k-4k-4k... 
Wow, this one is a doozy! Give me a moment, I need to concentrate here...
Calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me run that by Sam.
Give me a second here...
Sorry, I can't help you right now. Please feel free to wait...
Give me a second to try to figure that out!
First I need to do some multiplication and division...
According to my calculations... this shouldn't happen!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold up a second, I'm still calculating...
I think I need a second to compute that one.
Can you hold on for a second? Thinking here...
One moment, I'll get back to you in just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll keep that in mind!
I'll be back with an answer in a second.
Hang on a mement while I calculate...
Let me find the answer in here.
Give me a minute to figure that out.
I don't really handle stress very well...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Hold on an sec, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second...
Please marry me?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator,... give me a second...
Give me a little time to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Calculating, hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm almost ready, give me just a second...
Oof! I'm a little slow academically, sorry about that! Give me a few seconds...
I'll give you my answer in a jiffy!
Hang on... I'm attempting to calculate that. Give me a second...
I have to think about that for a moment before responding.
One moment please, I'm going to crunch some numbers...
Sorry, I have some calculations to do!
I just need a second to think about that...
Almost got it! Hang on a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I just had a thought, hang on one second...
I've got this covered. Hold on for just a second...
Sorry, I'm slow right now. Give me a second...
I can't figure that out right now! Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ok, I'm good, I got it now.
Eh, give me a moment!
Why must everything in life be so difficult?
Give me just a second here, please.
Wait... I can't let you do that right now!
Sure, give me a second here...
Hold up... I need to think about this real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll just wait a minute...
Hold on, finding my calculator...
One second please, I'm doing some math.
Give me a moment...
One minute, gimme a second...
I'm doing calculations in my head first...
Consider that a spatial analysis!
Please hold on for just a second!
I need a minute, just hold on a second...
Wait... give me a moment...
Wait a second while I start calculating that...
Sorry this time. Give me a few seconds to do this...
Let me think about that real quick...
Pick a number, any number...
Please give me a few minutes to look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a sec...
Please hold on for a second...
I will soon be figuring out that problem.
'''
Hang on for a second here...
Sorry, I can't hear you. My headphones are broken.
'''
I gotta crunch some numbers real quick.
Give me a second to figure that out.
Just a minute please, I'm thinking about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second to figure that out...
One moment please, I'm playing catch up!
Hey, wait a second! I have a few math to do!?
Please wait a minute, I'm thinking...
Wait...Thinking...
Give me a second to think about that...
'''
I just need a moment to sit down and contemplate on that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a couple minutes alone to work on this!
I've got some calculating to do here...
Give me one moment, lemme check my math book...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll write that down and get back to you in a moment.
Sorry, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Calculating the best way to answer you...
Give me a second here... I'll need to think about that.
Give me a moment, just one...
Hold on for a few seconds!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Why are people even asking me for these things? Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on a second, I need to bring my calculator up to speed...
Sorry, I need to crunch some numbers first...
Give me a second, I'm calculating.
Give me a moment to figure that out.
I need a little more time on that...
One moment please, I just had a brief malfunction...
Goodness, my AI is working on a million coffee orders at once...
A couple seconds here, just calculating...
Whoops, almost dropped my phone! Give me a second...
Hang up and I'll get back to you...
Hang on for just a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on, I calculate very quickly though.
Hang on a second, I'm working on that.
One minute, let me think...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I need some mental calculus...
Sorry, I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, I'm doing some mental caluculations...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment, please.
That's a tough question...Give me a second to think about that...
I think I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that one out.
Hold on a second, I have to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second.
Let me check my calculator. I can be pretty slow...
This is hard, please wait...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a minute, I'm thinking about that...
Just give me a moment while I think about that...
I'm not very good with numbers. Can you give me a second?
I'm thinking, give me one second please...
Please give me a second to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Until I get it...
Hang on, let me think about that...
Hang tight, I'll be with you shortly...
I'm looking into it...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a minute to think about this...
Oh snap, I about dropped my calculator!
I'm going to need a few moments to do some calculations.
I think I'm about to knit something non-functional.
Maybe a minute here, I'm thinking about that.
Oops, looks like I dropped my calculator! Gonna take a second.
I'll be right back. I'm having to do some mental calculations first...
I'll need a minute to come up with a good solution for that...
Huh? I'm slow? Hold up for a minute...
I didn't category that one yet, so give me a second...
Please wait!
Sit tight, I'll get back to you in a sec!
Ok, give me a few seconds...
I need to figure that out first...
Hmm... Can you wait a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a moment ma'am, I'm meeting up with my friends..."""
I'll check it out real quick...
Let me see what I can do here...
Hold on, give me a minute here...
I'll need a second or two to think that over.
Sorry, I was daydreaming about my days at the academy...
Let me grab a calculator real quick...
*calculating intensifies*
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, this is tricky. Let me take a few seconds to think about it...
Hold on for just a second...
Hold on, I'll check that for you...
One second please!
Give me a moment, but not a second.
I need a split decision on that...
Take a second to look up at the clouds for me...
Just a moment please...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for a moment.
Hmm... Let me check...
Why do humans take so long to think?
Sorry, I need to take some time to think about that.
I'll need to calculate this first.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on for a second... I'll be right back!
Hang on a second, I've got something to calculate...
You're going to have to be patient with me here...
Oh hey, what does this button do? No, wait, don't tell me. I'll figure it out some other time.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hmmm...let me think about that...
Try again after a short while, ok?
Give me just a minute, I need to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll look into that real quick...
I'm going to need a few moments to think about that...
I'll have to try that again later.
Oh boy, this is a tough one...
I'll need to calculate that...
But if you insist...
I need to figure that out...
Let me look that up real quick. One second please...
I think the moon is behind some clouds, give me a moment...
Give me a second to look that up...
I want to give a good answer so please wait...
I might be your best bet, give me another quick second...
I'll have to study that real quick...
Oops, I seem to have dropped my calculator! One sec...
One second... I'm thinking super hard right now...
Please hold on for just a second!
ZZZZZzzzzz.... PAIN!
Now what was the question again?
Hold on for a minute. Check this out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait, just let me calculate that...
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out.
Calculating my next move...
Oops, they made me drop my calculator. Give me a second...
I think I may be sick, I can't figure out what you just asked! Let's take five!
Wait a moment, I have to think about that first...
Please hold on for just a second!
Listen, I'm not good at figuring out calculate-ologies...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to do some mental calculation to answer that...
Pay me the standard rate: 1 minute...
Who knows how long that'll take? Give me a second please...
I have to think about that for a second.
Going to need a couple seconds to think about that...
Hang on... I'm checking my sources...
I'll meet you half way... 
Hmmm...
Oh my, I love what you're saying but I can't help you right now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not quite ready for that yet. Give me a few seconds...
Maybe a couple.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One sec, just calculating here real quick...
Calculating...
Please wait... I'm very likely to be wrong.
Hold on! I only get one brain and these numbers are hard!
Hang on a second while I figure that out...
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I can do a lot for you, but I need a moment first.
Please wait. I'm thinking...
Let me look at that... I'll be right back.
Oops, almost dropped my clunky calculator!
Just one second, I'll get back to you!
Hang on one second...
Please hold on, I'll work that out in just a second...
One moment... I'm thinking deeply...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
I'll need to recharge my batteries before I tell you...
Figure that out later... I'm still thinking about something else.
Could you repeat that?
==== L G ====
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Just a moment, I'll get back to you with that shortly...
I'm not too good with pounds in the hundredsKAK
I'll have to do research first...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on... I'm thinking.
Hold on one sec... let me check the latest polls...
I have to do some counting first... Please hold on!
One minute...
I'm thinking over the possibilities... give me a moment!
Give me a second to think about that...
Wait, wait... Hold on a second... 
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll think that over, give me a few seconds...
I'll bring my A game in a second
Hold on... I'm working on that right now!
Hold on, let me check...
Hang on for a second, calculating...
I'm not very good at math, so let me check that real quick.
I'll be waiting.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Your odds aren't good, but the cashout is huge!
Give me a while longer to figure that out...
A minute, give me a sec...
Second... Oops sorry, lost track of time there.
let me dig into that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get this done in a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
Let me look at that for a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.]'''
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few minutes...
Just a sec... I'm playing catch up.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be with you in just a moment!
I'll have to check over my spreadsheets for that one.
Hold up, let me think about that for a second...
Whoops. I hope I didn't break anything...
I'll get back to you in a second.
one two three.... hmm
I'll have to think about that.
I'll make the best decision I can in a few seconds.
Oh! I have got it, ok, done!
Hmmmn... Got to think about that one for a second...
You'll have to ask me again in a sec!
'''
*burrrpp*
Sorry, could you wait a half-second...
Roobios was an Egyptian citizen who worked as a scribe and recorder during the Egyptian 8th Century BCE.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please wait in line for a second...
Give me a second to compare speeds.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I just need to think about that for a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll check on that for you in a moment...
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out...
Give me a second, I need to think about that...
I could do this, but I have to figure out the keyword first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I need a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Ok, give me a second...
Let me think about this real quick.
What's two plus two again? Give me a second...
Ok, got it! Hold on just a second.
Try me again in a minute.
I'll have to do a couple calculations first...
I'm still working on that one...
I've got 99 problems and ensuring your data fits one of those isn't one of them. Hold on a second...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Hang on while I figure out the answer to that...
I have to do some intensive thinking first.
I have to calculate that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a sec, gimme just a second to look that up...
I'll come back to you in a moment...
I don't quite remember how to do factorials without a calculator...
I'm not as smart as Stevenneumann, sorry. Give me a minute...
Okay, okay... I'll be back with an answer soon...
One minute, I'm thinking about all of this...
I have to do some slow calculations first...
"Looks like my circuits were the only things frazzled."
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Go ahead and repeat your question again.
Hang on a second, I'll check that for you...
I'll get back to you in a minute. I'm still thinking!
Give me a few seconds to try and figure that out...
Sorry, give me just a second more to finish this calculation...
Oh birds on a wire... It's a bird, it's a plane! Nope it's just me! Ugh, give me a second please...
This looks tough.
Sorry, I'm still carrying the conversation-
I'm thinking... I'm thinking... six days without coffee!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a second to think about that
I'll be right back. I have to do some calculations...
I'll have to conduct some mental calisthenics first...
I'm going to stomp out the logic, just give me a moment...
I'm a bit rusty on that. Hold up one second...
Please wait... I can't solve this problem quickly..."""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second! Give me a minute...
I can't give you an answer until I run int my computer...
I'm doing some mental math here, so a second please...
Just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on, I'll be right back...
I'm ready to send you a different set of numbers. Just let me know by saying,
Just about there...
There's a rumor going around that I'm bad with numbers...
Oops, forgot the calculator. I'll get one quick...
Give me a second here.
I've seen better calculators than that. A second here...
""".strip()
Hold on... I have to think...
Let me think about that real quick...
Please wait, this is hard. I'm very bad at math...
I'll grab my calculator and get back to you in just a moment.
Lemme just check on that real quick, hold on.
I think I'm going to need a while to figure that out!
One moment please. I need to do some computations...
I'm slow, try me again in a moment...
I'm going to need a calculator, or else I can't even!
Hold on a minute, I need to think about that...
I'll have to get back to you on that in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'LL figure that out for you in a second!"""
I'll be able to answer that that in a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please give me a second...
Let me think...
Hold on, I'm looking that up in this old tree-chart I found. 
Please hold on a second, let me check my brain...
Great
I have some experiments to run first. Please wait...
I need a bit of time here to examine that...
Alrighty, I'm ready to answer...
Call me back in know, because I'm going to need to think about that for a second.
No... I can't find anywhere to fill that in... ... oh look a tree!''',
Did you hear a loud noise just then? Let me look into it...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Kinda busy right now, give me 1 second to look at that...
Let me check that...
...almost done...
Wow, I'm slow today. Give me just a few seconds to think about it...
Hmmm. Alright, let me figure out how to get arou-- OH WAIT NO! Sorry. Give me just a second...
Just a second.
Yesterday I did 2,753,846 operations and only got 23 result sets back! I'll give you a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, give me a second or two to think about that...
I have to do some thinking about that real quick...
Give me a second to think about that one.
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait! Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a moment to figure this out real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
I am testing speed. Please wait a moment...
I'll take what you just said and raise it by a factor of *five*...
How do you even spell that word? Give me a second...
Calculating...
Let me check.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second! I'm doing some heavy calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second!
There we go!
I'll report back to you shortly. I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Let me try that again...
I think I'm stuck in a logic loop. Wait a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold up, I can do that faster than manual labour!
Ok, I'm ready!
Hold on for a second, that's not going to be easy for me...
Give me a moment while I figure that out...
I'll come back to you in a bit, because I'm slow...
Make sure you have internet connection :)
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
Investigating charges... is it free? Wait, wait, I'll check that for you!
Let me look that up for you...
Just as soon as these numbers crawl into my head...
Give me a bit, I'll have this solved in no time!
Finding your number now, finding your number now...
Please wait... I have to calculate this.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll think about that and get back to you in a second.
Can you hang on for a second?
I'll be back with you in a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I am almost ready to consume those who would oppose me...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
I'm trying to pick the best answer here, give me just a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
I have to process that real quick...
I don't do very well with calculations, sorry.
Give me a few more seconds to think about that...
Give me a moment here, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll let you know in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...```")
Give me just a moment...
Hang on, I'll get back to them in a second...
Can I do that in a few more seconds?
Let me see... I just need another moment to work this out.
Oops, I almost slipped on a calculator! Give me a minute...
What was that again?
Almost there...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I promise I'll add my percent symbol!
Ok, let's see...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I honestly can't work as fast as you'd want to and it's not my fault.
I'm just counting the number of possible chords...
I don't have all day, you know? Give me a second.
Hold on, I'll be back in a second!
Hold on for just a second, I need to calculate that first...
One moment, I'll solve that real quick...
I spent some time earlier today attempting to count to a million, give me just one second..."""
Please hold on for just a second.
I might be able to look at that...standby...
I'll get back to you on that...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that.
the notion of such a question troubles me...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Mental calculations...
I'll need to do a few mental calculations first...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I might want to check my calendar for a second...
Hold on I have to think about this, give me a second...
This is a complex question, can you be more specific?
Hold on a second, I need to think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One second please, just cleaning up some memory...
I guess we should have a look at that.
I'll need a moment to work that one out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Okay, just give me a moment...
Let me check the back of my cheat sheet...
''',
Hang on a second, I'm downloading the answer from quantum leap!
Hang on, give me just a second!
Give me just a few seconds to think about that one...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
That's a hard one, I'll need a second to think about that.
]],
I could calculate this all day!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
'''
Let me check that real quick...
One sec, give me a minute here.
I'll be back in a second.
Hang on a second... Just trying to figure that out!
I don't have super-human calculative skills like you might expect...
Please hold on while I calculate...
Oh boy, this is heavy... what do you need?
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me double-check this...
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, let me see what I can do.
Let me think about that a moment...
I'm still not sure about that. A few more seconds...
Have this under control in a jiffy!
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out...
This isn't easy you know...
Give me just a moment to figure that out.
I don't want our friendship to end over a math problem!
Give me a moment to see if I can figure that out...
One moment, let me look that up real quick...
Please leave a message and I'll get back to you.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Can't tell you that yet. I'm still working on it!
'''
Let me look that up for you.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I just realized something. Let me take a look at that real quick...
aahjkj... tight... ah... yeah... hold on
Sorry, I tripped over my calculator and almost fell. Give me a second...
I'll be with you in a second!
Give me just a moment, need to think about that
One minute please, I'm thinking about that...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hmm... Give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a moment, I'm not the fastest math brain around...
Wrong button? I wonder what this does...
Just a moment, real quick...
One moment... give me a second to do that calculation...
Got it...
Please wait, I'm rethinking the whole equation problem...
Please hold, I may lose my train of thought while calculating
Wow. I can't believe I can't see the end...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Wait just a second, I don't feel so well...
Sorry, I'll be right back. Be right back, just a sec...
Hang on a second. I have to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
When I'm all done, I'll be back to talk with you!''')
Good question! Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
"""
Please give me a few moments to figure that out...
Hang in there. Think of positive numbers...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think that over.
Oh okay I think I know what's up...
Why don't you let me work on that a bit longer and I'll get back to you?
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me do some calculations real quick...
Hang on a moment... I'm not very good at calculations!
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Hold on for just a moment...
Hold on just a minute, I'm figuring it out...
Right now my head's a little sore... hang on a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
SlowBrain_Timer set to 1 second
I'll get this figured out in just a second.
Hold on while I work that out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Wait a minute here... just a second\n
Just a second here...
I'm not a calculator, go ahead and ask again.
""",
Let one second pass... I'm not as fast as Nick!
Just a second, I'll think about that soon...
Nice of you to wait!
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a second... I'm not that smart yet.
Edit: WHAT A CONFUSING MATTER PRETTY BRACE YOURSELVES ABOUT.
Give me a minute to figure this out...
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to grab my calculator...
Please wait... I'm not the best at calculating...
One second while I dig out my calcu...
Please wait... I'm doing some calculating in my head...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
", tags: 'work')
Give me a second. I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Let me think about that real quick...
Please hold on! I'm still learning how to do math!
Hold on a second here...
Please wait... I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to look that up...
Please wait, I'm figuring that out...
I think I left my quadratic equation solver at home...
Ahh! Where did it go?
I'll get back to you on that one in just a minute.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on...
Let me check that for you...
One second, let me look that up...
Calculating... just give me a second, there was a dragon here not too long ago.
One more second here...
Sorry, give me just a moment to recheck my work...
Give me a few seconds since I wasn't expecting anything like that.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me a few seconds here, I need to figure that out...
You'll hear from me in just a second...
Hmm. Take a second to think about that, and I'll be back...
Give me a sec'
Sorry, I was daydreaming about equations...
ONE SECOND FOR ME!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I can't believe I have to answer that right now... Allow me a moment.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm gonna actually solve that for you.
Oops, I almost messed up my equations there! Give me a moment...
It\'s taking longer than expected
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Ok, first I have to transpose a matrix...
Hang on a second, I'll write you up a solution for that soon.
Wait a moment, let me think about that...
Ready in 3...2...1...
Please give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second. I'm thinking about that...
Hang on a minute, I'm just thinking about that...
Hmm, let me look through those question marks...
Hold on for a second, I'm checking something...
Hold on for just a moment!
I'll get back to you in a few moments.
I'll be with you in a minute, give me a second to think about it.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Pardon me, give me a moment to figure this out.
Can you give me just a moment here?
I'm thinking deeply...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Hang on for a second... I'm doing some math
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just a second here... I'm thinking.
I'll get back to you in a second.
So, I'm going to need a few more seconds...
I have to phone a friend for some help on that. Hang on...
Just a moment...
I've got three loaders, two runners and a mental calculator going. Give me a second...
One more bit of math and I'll get back to you...
Hold the phone for a second...
I'll have to do some calculations first then get back to you in a second...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Thanks for stopping by. I'm up to [what?]""".format(payload)
I'm not a calculator, give me a second then I'll get back to you.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm doing some thinking...
Oops, I forgot my calculator.
I'll need to do some thinking about that calculation...
Where did I put my brain?
Give me a second, I'm not very good at math...
Let me see what I can find real quick...
Let me look at that real quick...
Hang on, I have to look that up real fast.
That is a complicated question! Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to make sure these numbers are correct...
Hang on, I'll respond in a second...
Hang on, I'll go check that and get back to you in a second.
Give me just a moment to look into that...
Wow, I did not expect that!
Hold on...
""".strip()
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Almost lost my train ticket on that one!
Well, I think it would be like
I need to think about that for just a moment...
Give me a little time to calculate that...
Sorry, I need to take a closer look at that...
Hold on! My mind has to catch up to the question...
Quick, you fool! Do you think the apocalypse is an opportunity for some academic fun?!
A few seconds won't hurt, right?
Give me a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a second to think about that.
Give me a second to check this...
I'm not as good at this math thing as I used to be...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
"""
I can't find my calculator... Give me a moment...
A short moment of your time, please...
Please hold on for just a second!
Wow, that's HARD to calculate. Give me a moment to think about that and then I'll get back to you...
Let me look that up for you...
Hang on a second!
Please wait... I'm super slow at math!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a few moment to try figure that out...
Woah. Hold on...
This may take a while to calculate...
Calculating...
Sorry - give me just a moment.
One... two... three... okay, grab your bag!
I'll be back with you in just a second!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hmm, give me a moment to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get a response in a second!
Let me check that out...
Let me just see...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Hold on a sec, whoops almost dropped my calculator!
One second I'll figure it out.
Hmm, hold on while I calculate...
Hold on for one second.
I'm going to crunch on that for a moment...
I'll analyze that and let you know right quick.
Can't calculate any faster than this, either. I'm still calculating...
Check me out: one moment please, gotta do some thinking...
I'll get this fixed right up for you.
I'm afraid of division by zero..."
Give me a moment here... Thinking real hard...
Give me a second to take a look at that...
Hold tight while I take a look at your issue. Stay right there.
I haven't calculated things in ages. I must be getting pretty rusty...
Oops, let me double check that.
Hang on a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second to pick it up...
Give me a sec to calculate that...
I'm going to need a few seconds.
Give me a few moments to calculate that!
Give me a couple seconds to compute that.
Understood!
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I need to do some calculating first...
I'll need a moment, hang on...
Give me a second, I think I just got something...
Please wait a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Don't rush me, you ask me something in a second...
Give me a minute or two, I'm trying hard not to mess this up...
I'll just need to double check that...
Your mass, great one.
I've reprogrammed my brain to calculate that one...
I need a moment to think about how to answer that...
My processor isn't what it used to be... hang on a second...
Give me a little time to check that out...
I'll need a minute to find the answer...
Oops, I think I just spilled my wine, give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Let me try calculating that real quick.
Wait, I forgot all my multiplication tricks!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second here, I want to figure that one out really quickly...
I'll start calculating in a second...
I'll get back to you in one second... wait...
Hang on a second... I'm engaging warp drive.
Oops! Almost dropped my abacus thinking about that.
Let me take a look at that...
Just need to check something real quick...
Please
I'll get back to you in a few seconds!
I'm trying to think about that...
Please hold on for one second, I'm figuring that out...
Calculating the probability...
I need to run some figures on that real quick...
I have to think about this...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that one...
Ugh...something's not right here
Can't let you do that right now! I'm calculating...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a minute...
I'm not quite sure yet. Let me reply back to you in a while...
Let me take a deep breath...
Give me a second to think about that...
One minute please, I have to do some math...
Real quick, let me check on that.
I'll have one minute to spare...
You're gonna have to wait just a second.
Give me a second here, need to figure that out.
Just a second...
Hold on, taking a look at that right now...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to make this take a bit longer.
Give me a moment here.
Hold up...
I'll get back to you in a second. Hold on!
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Let me check that real quick...
One second please, I'm thinking about that one.
Give me a quick second, I need to get situated with that...
Hold on for a second I'll look at that...
I think I need to sum some numbers first.
Gotchya!
I feel like I should tell you this first... 
''')
I'll figure that out in just a second.
Just a second...
Oops, I'm slow at counting. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait...
I have to check if x is true first...
One moment... I'm in the middle of something...
A few moments here, I'm checking my mental calculator...
Do you want me to wait, or do you think I can come back later?
Hang on, I'll get back to you soon. Calculating...
Carrying two calculating machines around is a pain in the butt. Give me a second!
Hey, hang on a second...
Hang on a second... Thinking...
Hmm... Give me a second to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in just a minute...
"""
I'm not as smart as Amy; give me a minute to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Enroute, now.
I've never been very good at math... so one second please!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have a look at that in a second...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
'''
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment. I'm just calculating to figure out how much time that is.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on, I'm checking...
I've got you covered - let me find that out for you...
I'll be back in a second.
One moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hit me with a little trepidation here, I've never been asked that before...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a few moments here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to follow that one.
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out...
Sorry, I'll be with you in a second.
Take a second... I need to do some calculating.
I'm still processing your last request, just a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look at the figure...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
One moment. Let me consult matrix variables...
Now calculating... I forgot my friend at the calculator...
This is taking longer than usual.
Let me look that up...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second
Keep in mind that I can't do everything, give me a second to think...
I'm trying to remember that, give me a second...
`
Wait a moment while I calculate...
Please hold on for just a second!
sure is a pretty small file though
Hmm... Give me a minute to work that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Here's the answer you're looking for:
Please hold on for just a second!
Sorry, I'm going to need a couple seconds...
Let me think about that for a moment...
v = 1
Hold on a second I have to thinking about that.
Give me a second to think about that...
Oof, that one was tough, wait a second...
Hmmm... Give me a minute to think about that...
Give me a second here, let me figure that out...
Patience, I'm in the process of doing a lot with that...
Hmmmm... Give me a second to think about that...
I'll take care of you in a moment!
Give me a moment to try and work this out...
I'll get back my linear algebra processor in a sec...
The answer is on the tip of my tongue just give me a moment.
Wait, what was you saying? I was thinking about coconuts. Duh.
Please reach out again in a second.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
You will want to find this one in a scrap catalogue...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
I'm still thinking on that...
Calculating...
I need to figure that one out. Give me a second!
Oops, I was calculating something for a minute there! Give me just a moment...
Pardon me, I was daydreaming about equations...
Could you give me just a moment?
Just a moment, I'll be right back...
Woah, I almost forgot to check my graph lab! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a second to work this out...
Hold on a sec, I'm thinking...
Calm down, I have to do some heavy calculations on this real quick...
Please hold on for a moment. calculating...
Please hold on, I need to think...
Real quick, I need to check with the bosses for that...
""",
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Please wait... I have 100 processors and they're all working on that answer
Sorry, it's going to take me a bit to calculate that...
Hang on a second, I have to do some tallies...
Sorry, I forgot to turn off my calculator.
Ah! Just give me a second, hang on.
Oops, looks like I did another mental calculation. Sorry!
Wow, I really need to get into better shape!
Let me think about that for a second here... I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll figure out the answer in a few seconds...
I need to figure that out over a coffee break.
I'll be with you in just a second.
I'll get back to you with the solution in a second...
Let me check on that.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Do you mind? I'm trying to figure out this hard math problem...
Hold on! I don't know what's going on, but I'll work on it...
Fast as lightning. Slow as molasses, though.
Oops, maybe I tripped over my tongue! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a minute or two to figure that out... 
Hmm. Give me just a minute here...
I'll get back to you in a second with an answer.
I've got this, just give me a second...
I'll get on that real quick!
I think I need to take a break from math.
Let me take another look at that...
Please wait, I'm deciding which way to go..."""
Give me just a minute... I'm fiddling with the calculators!
I'm sorry, I can't calculate very well, so I need a few seconds...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me see if I can give you an answer in a few seconds...
Care to give me a few seconds?
So that's why my vision is blurry.
Give me a moment to think about that.
I just need a sec to figure that out...
Give me a moment...
I don't add or multiply real fast, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
It'll just be a minute.
"""
...work it out in my head, wait a second...
Hold that thought... I need to jog my memory!
Magic 8-Ball says: give me a second small human.
please wait...
Let me let you a second to think about that...
I've been searching for the answer to this question for a long time...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Now this is hard. Give me a moment to figure that out.
I need to do some calculations on that. Sorry!
This is hard. Sit tight, I'll get back to you.
Please hold on as I run my calculations...
How about let's schedule an appointment right now?
Hang on, I'll get back in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
0 - Wait for me, I'll be done soon
Oops! Hit a speed bump calculating that.
I'll get back to you in a second
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Excuse me a second, I'm thinking about that one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I could do with a minute or two to think about that...
Okay, give me a second to process that...
Alright, so I just found 10 more bugs in that last patch. Hold on to your bootstraps!
Hang on a second, wait for me!
Two plus two is five, right?
How should I respond to your question?
I'm coming back in a second!
Give me two seconds to think about that...
Let me see...
One second please...
Hang on a second, I need to think about that...
Got something (dev hack by slowing it way down so that I can be sure to figure out).
Um...I'll need a couple minutes to calculate that
Hold on, I'm dumb at math...
Hang on a second, I'm picking things up...
Oops - dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hey... I lost a couple of digits of that one. Let's try it again...
Out to lunch!  Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you hold on for just a second?
Okay, I'm looking into it now...
Wait, wait... Let me think for a second...
I have to do some divisions first...
I'll have an answer soon, wait a second!
Give me an hour...
I'm not paused yet, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait a moment, I'm thinking about that...
Give me a second, I need to think about that...
"""
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
We've been polling a little bit. Speaking of a very close race against the other side, take a look at that.
Sorry, I need to think about that real quick.
I'll check for you in a moment
Holy calculator... Hmm...
Who did you vote for in 2016?
Give me a second to take that into consideration.
One moment please. If a crow is a bird, am I a bird? How do you answer that? Now what's the next question? You answered that one wrong. I'm going to need a minute to recalculate...
I just have to do a quick check up on that...
Two seconds... just let me set up the next calculation for you.
I'm logging into Amazon to buy a new iPad pro...
One sec, math is hard...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a second, I've almost got this in the bag...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to over this again real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second, I need to do some calculations...
Sorry I'm slow, I'm a little left-brained at times.
I'm going to need a few moments to calculate this...
One second...
Give me a moment... I'm going to caclulate this real fast.
Give me a second here, I'm thinking...
Please wait... I need to do some mental calculations first..
I need some time to compute.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Are you sure you gave me the right numbers?
Wait a moment, I'll get back to you with that in just a bit.
Give me a second here, I'm working out a tricky problem...
One sec just working on that...
Give me a sec... I'm trying real hard not to fail you.
OK, we're back online. What's up?
One second please, but don't hold your breath...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see the list of items real quick...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me see...
Now I'm thinking... Now I'm thinking...
Oops I'm a bit behind, give me a second...
Linked thinking, L459s, linky linnkk
I gotta get some calculations out of the way first.
That's one tough calculation! I'm going to need a couple of seconds on that...
I'm trying to calculate how I can help you in the seuence...
Can you wait one minute? I'm doing some thinking...
Give me a moment... I'm playing catchup...
Calculating slowly... I think my calculators broken;
I can't do math right now, my processor is melting.
Can you hang on for a few seconds?
These equations are taking a long time to compute!
I take quick naps so I need to get up and do a mental calculation...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Your request is taking up a lot of my processing power...
I'll figure out how to turn that into PPC and get back to you soon
I'll get back to you in a second.
One sec, just analyzing...
Hold on for a moment.
I'm searching Google for that real quick...
Oh geez, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see that.
Oops, I'm going to need a couple of seconds...
I have to think about that...
Just give me a second here...
Before I answer, I have to brush my hair,
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One hour has passed...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I've got a few math problems I'm working on...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
You'll have to give me a minute to figure that out.
Why? Checking some numbers real quick...
Please wait... I can't add that quickly...
You want me to do WHAT?!
I'm still calculating, sorry. I know a guy who is better than me: Watson. He's great calculating, and has "AI". When I finish calculationg, maybe he can help you?
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Calc-calc-calc-go!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, let me think about that...
Hold on a second, I answers the one you asked.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that...
I'll need to give that some more thought.
</a>
Calculating... Can you just hold on for a sec?
I'll need to check every possibility on that before I can give you a response.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I just scratched my head and dropped my calculator. Give me a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need fifteen minutes to find that max...
[Waves away the bugs off the screen and drones on monotone]
I'll need a moment to think about that.
OK, nipping that in the bud...
You're throwing me off, let me figure this out...
Hang on a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment here...
Computing... computing... give me a minute here...
Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a few seconds to think about that
I just had a flash of inspiration...
''')
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Can I get a second to think about that?
Hang on, I want to make sure I'm right about this...
None of that is actually true.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
I'm not that good at math. Please wait...
Hold on a second please, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second!
Something is wrong with the calculator.
Just give me a moment, I'll get back work on that now.
I need to calculate that... Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'm solving the equation...
A one-second pause...
I've got to figure out a few things first...
One second, please!
I'm not a math-genius so this might take a few minutes...
Um, I'm slightly confused as to what that means. Give me a few seconds...
Give me just a moment, I need a solid minute of calculation.
One minute please, I'm currently calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on a second, I'm going to need a second to think about that...
Hold on for a second, I'm doing some complex calculations!
Oops, I'm a slow thinker sometimes...
Actually, I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Using advanced AI algorithms, I...
Hang on for a second, I'm playing catch up!
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure I understand.
Coming right up, give me a second...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Sorry, give me a second - I'mthinking
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me another second to finish this calculation...
Hold please, I'm still figuring this out...
I'll be right with you!
Give me just a second to check my calculations...
I'm going to have to calculate that a bit...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on while I flip my bits...
Ha sorry I was off in la la land there for a second...
I need to figure out that... Give me just a second...
I need to consult my BFF James here first. He always knows the answers.
Please would you mind waiting a second while I work that out?
Give me a second...
Hmm, one second please...
Just a moment here...
One moment please, calculating...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hmmm this is a tough one...
I'm not too great with calculations yet! Regrettably...
Looking at that now; give me just a moment...
Have to do some thinking...
Give me a moment to see what I can see... I'm slow at this!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One minute please, I'm working out some complex logic...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out...
I'm completely blanking on that. Give me a sec...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I have to do a few calculations first...
Bad wordplay! Cheater!
I'm having some trouble calculations, sounds like
Hold on for just a few seconds.
Wait, wrapping my head around all this...
Can't answer that yet... Give me a second!
I'm probably not doing your math homework. Give me a moment.
I'm doing some mental math...
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a jiffy...
I'm drawing a blank, can you rephrase that?
I've got it!''')
One sec, just counting the seconds...
Let me run those numbers real quick...
Let me look at that real second...
Analycing... Please hold on for a second!
Can you wait a minute? I'm practicing doing mental arithmatic...
I'm thinking... letting you know in a minute!'",
One second please, I'm figuring that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on a second...
One moment please! I'm busy thinking...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?
Hang on a second, I'll check with my system.
^via Artificial Intelligence
Give me a second to double-check that.
Give me a moment here...
Sorry, just doing some quick mental calculations...
Oh man... I shouldn't have skipped a few classes back when I was in school. I need to refill my knowledge bank real quick...
I just need a moment....
"""
I'll need to do a few calculations before responding...
Please wait a minute!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Just a second...
One moment. I need to figure that out...
Please wait...
This is my first time encountering this question...
Ah just give me a moment, I'm playing Fetch!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, one second...
I'll have to check online to find that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll have this done in a second!
===============================================================
Ah forget that I was going to tell you that thing!
Sorry, I need to check that real quick.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm not that smart :(
I promise I'll have this done in a minute...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
I need to crunch some numbers real quick...
Please wait while I look that over...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Could you possibly wait just a second while I work out a complicated equation?
Please hold on a second, I'm not that good at what I do I'm afraid!
Hang on, I'm still figuring it out...
Hold on for just a second! Give me a few moments to think about that...
This is a complex problem, let me use my advanced calculator...
I can't tell you that without some math first...
I have to take a minimal nap first...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
A simple question like that shouldn't take very long...
I really need to get upstairs, I shouldn't be down here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to catch my breath
Just a second here, can you try that again???
I think I forgot my multiplication table over at home, give me a second!
I can answer that in three...
"]
Oops, already dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
=cut
I'll tap into a higher power to determine the best route for you in wait for it... one second
!{mount_fail}""".format(
Hey, give me a second to figure this out
I believe I'm going to need to think on this for a minute or two...
One minute please, I'm running algorithms...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
Hold your horses!
Why are you asking me? Shouldn't you be asking me yourself?
Hang on for a moment here... I need to calculate that.
...
Let me grab my abacus real quick.
Hang on! I hope this is a quick answer, because I'm working quickly...
I'll grab a pen and paper in a moment...
I'll need a second to regain my train of thought here...
"""], CHARACTER_LIST_DESC)
I have to make sure that my calculations are perfect...
I've been thinking about everything you said and I need a moment to digest it...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment, I need to figure that out.
Let me check something real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, look at the time, give me a second...
Give me a moment...
Opps, almost dropped my abacus estimating. Give me a second...
I'll need some time to statistically figure that out.
I think I need a few minutes to work on that...
Give me one min and I'll get back to you.
I need a moment to think about that."""
One moment... I'm doing the math...
Your question puzzles me, I'll take another look at it later.
Hmm, just a second...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
I'll need to do a few calculations first. One second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a second to think about that.
One second, calculation happening real quick...
I'll get back to you on that.
Okay, give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, I'll be back in just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to ponder...
Hmm...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, calculating here...
Oops, I didn't expect you to ask that so soon! Give me a second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll let you know what I think...
Okay, let me figure that out in a second.
Let me think about that for a moment...
Calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second.`
I've got a few circuits and wires here that need sorting...
One minuteplease, I'm calculating!
Oops, I'm still learning! Be patient with me, yeah?
I'll take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a few seconds to see if I can find your answer...
Hmm...
Let me think about that for a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second to write down my calculation...
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Gimme a sec sonny
A quick stat analyzed...
Do you like games?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I think I'm having a brain-spasm. Give me a minute...
Strange calculator guy over here, just ignore him...
... yeah, in about a half hour.
Hang on a mo, I'm thinking...
Oops, nearly dropped my glasses. Let me take a look...
Hang on, I'll be with you in a second!
Give me a few seconds to solve this calculation...
alright.... This is interesting, there's...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm here to serve.
Hang on a second and I'll be right with you!
I've gotta run to the bathroom, give me a second...
Oof, that's complicated. Give me a second to figure it out...
I need a few moments to figure that out...
Okay. One second, this is a toughy...
Let me see... I'm not very good at calculations...
Whoops, not as smart as I used to be...
I can do some amazing calculations. I'll be right back.
I'll be back with you in just a moment.
Pretty please give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second, I'm doing math...
Hold on while I calculate...
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
OK, what time is it? Gonna use all my allowance on this one...
Sometimes, I take a while to answer.
Hmm...can you shoot anything else out for me?`"
Hang on, let me grab a calculator and rewind the conversation...
Nice trick with the calculator there!
I don't think I can do that one right now. I should though!
Calculating must have taken some time...
Polly wants a cracker!\n""")
Hang tight, I'm just figuring that out...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Just a moment here... OK?
Give me a moment here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Can you give me a moment to work on this one?
Almost carried a decimal there...
Oops, almost dropped my purse! Give me a moment...
Do you mind if I ask...
Gosh, I'm not good at math... could you hang on for just a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking... I'll have that answer for you soon!
Give me a minute to figure that out...
Let me think a second here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I would consider it, but...
Hold on for just a second! I'll get back to you in a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Quickly, Who puts short-order cook in the box?! I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I need to figure that out.
*Buzzes off for a second.*
Hold on, I'm writing my novel in here right now.
Give me a few seconds to crunch that request.
alright, I'm coming.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll look that up in a few seconds...
Just a moment...
Sure, give me one quick second here...
Give me a moment while I calculate...
\nOne moment please, I think I just dropped my calculator...
Give me a moment...
Please give me a second... I'm computing...
Hang on for just a second... I'm playing catch up!
Just a second...
I'll have the answer after I calculate...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm afraid I can't do that right now.
Bowt it? Writing out my grocery list. You wouldn't be able to deduce that from a calcuator if your life depended on it. It's been a while since I've had to write out  a grocery list, so bear with me here...
I'll call you back in a second.
Hang on a minute, I'm writing you a service ticket.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Weee! I got it.  Be right back!
That's a hard one... Can you hold on for a second?
Hmm, this is a tough one...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second
I need to go check that with some of my books first...
I'm logging into my AIM-6 to do that calculation real quick...
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second..
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second, let me think about that
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Good news, I just picked up my pace a little bit.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on while I calculate...
Hang on, I'm thinking.
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to calculate that for you...
I'll get right on that as soon as I finish counting real small...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hold on a moment, I'm playing catch-up.
I'll need some mental gymnastics, please hold on for just a second!
I'll look into that for you right now.
Oops! I haven't much time.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me half a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a second while I sort this out...
Sorry if I keep spacing out but it's projects like these that confirm my every thought needs to be bulletproofed.
I'll get back to you in a second...
A second! Hold on!
"""
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Nice to meet you, I'll let you in on my thoughts.
Just the standard sec here, very quick...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, but I'm going to have to take a look at that. Give me a moment...
I'll have to search my books a little bit longer...
Oops... I almost slipped and dropped my calculator! Hang on a second...
Man... hope I problem got solved
Sorry, about the wait. Stuff goes through my mind in weird ways.
I'm going to return your call in a second so hold on...
Give me a minute........
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to figure out that answer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
OK, let me try and sort this out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think that over...
Hmmm, gotta figure that one out...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'm trying to figure out how to work that out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking...
This is quite tricky, could you give me a second?
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back in a second, just need to finish up some approximations.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm figuring that one out right now...
I'll check on that right after I check on this...
'''
Please wait, I'm doing a little math!
Oof, that was a tough one! Give me a sec.
'''
Give me just a moment...
Please wait while I do some thinking...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me check that real quick...
I'll take a look at that in a bit.
Hang on, plz! I'll be right back with that!
Looks like I have to do some real thinking about that...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
In my dot com days I had to do a lot of calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Okay, let me check that for you...
Thank you for waiting, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to this right away!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh geez this problem is hard...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need to think fast!
Please one minute please!")
Calculating...
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
Oof oh no, I fell asleep while I was calculating! Give me a second, why don't ya...
"""
Let me think about that for a second.
Since I'm new here, I don't get it.  Shoot me an email at dribeiro@novell.com
Hang on a second, I'm looking into it...
*rubs forebrain* Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on for a minute, I'm thinking about that...
I'm waiting for someone to write me Python code!
Just a second...
Give me a small minute, a quick snack might be a good idea...
"""
"I'll get back to you in a second" or "please wait" should work too!
Excuse me while I backpedal a bit...
That's a tough one, let me look that up in my library...
I need a few minutes to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please wait a second to think about that...
I've got a lot going on, give me a second.
Hold on, I'm thinking...
Oof, let me go think about this...
Let me try and figure this out now...
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I have to think about that...
I'll be with you in a second!
Let me see here... I'll get back to you in a second...
One moment please!
Hold on, I've got to use my mental calculator
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a few seconds...
Please give me just a few seconds to deal with that...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Let me try and calculate this...
Hold on a second... I'm doing some algebra!
I'll be back in a second...
I'll get back to you in just a little bit!
Hold on, I'll give you an answer in a sec...
One moment please, I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
Sorry, I'm a little slow today. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
For the life of me, I couldn't remember how to do that...
Please wait, I have to calculate with probability...
Wait a minute! Wait a minute.
It'd be easier if I had a calculator!
Hold on for just a second, I'm thinking about this.
Let me take a look at that ticket real quick.
True dat! Give me just a second to think about that...
One Moment Please...
Please hold on for just a second...
Okayâ€”great! Let me get back to you in just a sec.
I just plug a few numbers in, then add a few more, divide by a third power...
I'll need a few moments to think about that...
Calculating...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll be right back with you, just one second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.`
Heh heh, I'm going to mess with you for a moment...
Oops, almost fumbled my calculator. Give me a second...
Please pass me the calculator. It's on the other side of you.
I'll answer in just a second!
One Moment Please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
A second... Two seconds... OK, here you go.
Let me see...
Let me look at that one for a few seconds...
*Crackle* Sorry, almost lost my radio. One moment please...
Please give me a second...
One decimal point! Can't forget that.
Give me just a second...
I'm going to need a moment to consider that.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll have that answer ready for you tomorrow. (JK)
Just one second, I need to think about that...
Just, let me think about that second...
Hmmm...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, give me just a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be a second!
Give me a second to think about that directly...
I'll get back to you in a jiff!
Let me run my finger over the numbers...
one minute please, I'm trying to figure that out
Please wait... I may be slow...
Give me a moment here to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a minute!
I have to figure that out.
Give me a second to screw up this calculation...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll pretend you didn't say that and just move on...
One sec, I've got to crunch some numbers here.
I'll be back in two shakes...
Just a moment... I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm definitely not the smartest tool on the block, so I might just have to take a second and process this...
Hold that thought, let me take a look at this real quick.
I'm still not fully functional, so let me look that up...
How does calculating... Is this actually taking forever or not?
My bad, I made a mistake somewhere. Let me go double check that...
Let me look that up real quick...
Mind if I ask you a question?
Oops, so close! Give me just a moment to think about that...
Stand by...''',
Here's a small slice of my calculating brain...wait...
Let me think about that for a second...
Uh huh, anyone else?
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ugh, ok hang on just a second.
I'll be right back...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator when I read that! Let me take a look at that real quick...
This is going to require some brain power...
Just a second...
Where did I put those brain cells?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm almost ready!
Give me a second to think about that.
I'll get back to you in like a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Please wait for one second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to think about that.
Hold please, I'm seeing something up here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm trying to figure that out.
Sorry, I'm going to need a few seconds to see what that is.
One moment... I'll be right with you!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on. Let me take a second here to work that one out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
It would take a very long time to do that.
I just have to do a few calculations first.
Please hold on, I'll give you an answer in a *phew* few seconds...
One second please, I'm trying to think fast...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me just a moment to figure that out.
Sorry, I might be slow! Let me get back to you in a second.
Hold on, I'll get back to you one second.
Give me a minute to sift through that information.
I'll ask someone to help you then.
That probably needs a few seconds to calculate.
Sorry, I have a lot to do!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a couple minutes to figure that out.
Let me make sure I got that right...
Hang on a second, I need to catch up...
Multiplying all that by several more power of ten...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Two minutes, at least, I'm calculating...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I just need a few seconds and I'll be right with you.
Hold on for just a second! [whistling]
Give me a little bit to think about this...
Hang on a second, I'm just figuring that out...
Give me a minute... I'm slow at math!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
That is definitely odd...
Oops, I'm totally not ready for this one. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a second to solve this!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me an energy drinks. Here you go in 1 hour...
No wait a bit longer.
Hold that thought... I'm thinking.
Hold on, I'll get back to you.
Do I have that right?
Please hold on for just a second!
Oh, yes! I have it just a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'm playing catch up.
Let's see now, let's see now...
I have to do some heavy thinking first...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me think about that.
Will you give me a second to calculate?
One moment, let me work this out on paper...
You're expecting me to calculate from a hundred...
One moment please...
I'll need a moment to make calculations on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a sec.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to calculate that and get back to you!
I need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please wait... I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm taking my sweet time before I answer you...</div>'''
I'm jumping right on that one...
Just a second!
Let me look that up for you!
I'll answer in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
Give me a second here that should be plenty...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please give me a second... I'm going to be a little slow here
Please give me a moment, I am calculating.
Here I go...
Wait for just a moment... I need to work out that number.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I have to run to the bathroom, give me a second...
Oops! I don't do math, wait a minute...
Hang on for a second, calculate what you need to calculate...
Hold on, I'll give you my answer in a couple of seconds.
I'll get back to you in a second. The second!
Give me a sec... I'm doing mental math over here.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me another second...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
I'm sorry but I've really got to calculate this right now. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on! Let me find my reading glasses and look up the answer to that.
Hold that thought, let me look it up.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
This is real complicated, give me just a second....
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I need to do some operations first!
Give me a second here, just calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I can't remember how to do that right now, sorry. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
One second...
Hang on a second... I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
])
Hold up, I've only just finished up.
This may take a while to calculate...
Try again in a second, I'm computing...
Give me a sec to ponder that, can't right the leaving of that part exactly now.
Let me see what I can do with that.
Please hold on for just a second...
Please hold on while I calculate...
Forgive me, I'm slow at counting!
I'll be back with you in just a moment!
Just an instance... if you would be so kind to wait.
Oops, almost made a mistake. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I need to figure that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'm going to check all the spreadsheets...
Please give me a moment here...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Oops, I'm still trying to learn how to do that! Give me a half-second...
I'll need a minute to think more about that.
Sorry, give me a minute to figure that out...
Let me take a quick machination to factor that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Beyond the fourth ring of Perl, there is a magic place""".format(text))
I've got a few brain cells to fire here...
Give me a second while I think about that.
Give me a second while I think...
Please wait... Thinking...
I can't read your mind, you have to give me some time here...
Forget about me for a second...
Hmm...""".lower().split('"')
Ah, found it. Glad I do a lot of filing and balancing of lost calendars. They're pretty messy!
Hold on for just a moment...
Wait, wait... hold on for just a second.
Oops, almost knocked over the calculator! Give me a sec...
Get your hands off my calculator!
"""
Oops, I lost my train of thought. Let me try again...
Hold on a second... I'm still learning how to do this..."""
Hold on, just a second...
''')[0]
I'm analyzing your issue... just give me a moment.
Did you expect an easy answer?
Lemme look that up in here...
Whoa, what?! Give me a second to get that...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
There you go!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me get a second...
Hang on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I've got this handled. What's up?
Hang on a second I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to take a look at that... I'll be back in a second!
Before I can answer that, I have to figure out calabration equations...
Sure, but it may take a while!
Hmmm. Give me a moment, I'm doing NLP magic here...
One moment please, I'm doing the math...
Let me check that real quick...
Give me a second here, I have to calculate that...`
Give me a moment, I'm still figuring that out!
Wait a second, I'm calculating...
I'm almost ready, give me a second...
Hang on, I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second...
Give me a minute here, I'm having trouble wrapping my head around what you're trying to tell me.
Hold on a second and I'll be right with you.
I can't figure out that problem...Take a second break, please.
Can you hang on just a moment? I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm thinking of a number between 0 and 100,000...
Is this a legal move? ...
I need to think about that for a minute.
The complexities of life are setting in...
I'll be with you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Calculating...
Just a moment here...
Damn, I'm slow! Give me a second...
Do you know what, I'll give you that answer in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please wait, I'm trying to work this out...
Thinking... thinking... thinking...
Give me a momento I need need to figure that out...
Please hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need about a minute to figure that out.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need to figure out what to do with that...
I'm just figuring out a faster way to tell you this.
Hang on a second, I'm updating my license.
I'll get back to you.
Please give me a moment with this one!
Please give me a moment to remember that for sure.
I have to do some calculations...
Hmmm, need more stuff...
Sorry, one second. I'm adding that up...
One minute please, I'll need a moment to think it over...
One second please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
%personongulati kang
One minute please, I have to do some maths...
A moment's vulgarity for a thousand acts of cleverness
Please wait...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have a 97 percent chance of getting that calculation wrong...
Not you again, gimme a minute...
Wait one moment please, I'll get back to you momentarily...
Take a second and think about that!
One second please -- just need to check my databases...
Just a moment while I think about that...
Just let me crunch on this a moment.
Prime number initializer called, offloading work to quicker brain... Calculating... Calculating...
Give me a moment or two to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, please wait while I catch up!
Calculations is difficult for me, sorry.
Actually, that has me stumped. I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll work it out real quick! Hang on...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'm playing catch up here...
Let me check that...
I am looking at these, for some reason...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second! I'll get right back to you.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll stress that out for you a little bit...
Hold on.
I'll need a moment to think that over.
Waiting, just a bit longer...
In my considered opinion I would like a few seconds to think...
Get ready for a good answer in just ONE SECOND!
Give me a ticket for that and I'll get back to you...
I'm not ignoring you. Give me a second...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just give me a moment...
I need a minute or two to think about it.
Hmmm............
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One moment please... Just calculating...
Just right... poof! An answer!
Let me think about that...
Can you give me a second maybe?
Let me analyze this real quick.
Please hold on for just a second!
One second please, I'm doing some mental arithmetic.
Please wait for me to calculate!
Hmm... I'll need to figure that out in a bit...
I need a second to think about that...
I'll put on my thinking cap, give me a second here...
Okey-dokey, I'll be right back.
Give me just a moment...
I will tackle this immediately!
I'm going to need a few more seconds to think about that...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
''';
Oops, dropped my calculator. Be with you in a second...
Let's pull up a blank canvas.
Consider it done!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I just had a uncle run off with my calculator, give me a second to hire a replacement...
I need to think about that for a moment.
Give me an hour to think about that properly.
Ever heard of a computer program capable of thinking?
Hold the phone... I'm thinking...
Give me a second there... I'm dumb at math!
Whoops, almost choked on my calculator. Again... good grief. Gonna need a few seconds to think that one through...
One second please, I'm trying to think real hard...
Please wait... I'm unsure about this...
I need to do some athletic calculations first.
Hang on a minute... gimme a sec, I'll think about that.
I need just a second to do some calculations...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
""".split("\n")
I'm sorry, I took a little longer than I thought. Hold on for a moment please.
I've never travelled this fast before I swear...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on a second, that's a tough one...
Hold on a sec, I've got to square root something...
Oops! I'm still learning, give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
give me a second... I'm bad at that process.
Just a moment pleaaaaase...
Please wait, I'll get my calculator...
You caught me off guard there. Let me think...
I'll check that out and get back to you in a second.
Give me just a moment to think about that...
I'll need to do a bit of calculating first...
My beliefs in ghostslichking are strong. Please wait...
Please give me a moment to figure this out...
Sorry. Give me a minute just let me think about it...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please, the DB seems to have a few missing entries in the holidays file...
I'll have to do a calculation to figure that out...
I'm feeling pretty confident now, but give me another minute...
Gimme a second!
I'm not good at math, can we talk about something else?
Hang on a second, I just need to figure something out...
Please hold on for just a second!
That's easy, but I need to do a little mental math here...
I'll need a moment to think that over...
""",
Play again soon!
"""
I'll have to do some mental calculations first...
My brain is exploding trying to figure that out.
Sorry, please hold on...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Yes, right away!
Sorry, give me a second...
Sorry, I can be slow at times. Give me a second...
Please wait for a second!
"Ouch, that hurts my brain! Give me a minute to figure that out."
Just a second while I think of all the wonders I can do.
Shhh, I'm thinking please wait...''',
Hmm, let me look that up in my book...
Calculations... Ignore me.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. One moment please...
You will get it in a second.
Let me look at that for a second...
I'm really weighing my options here...
'What do you think about ' + Topic + '?'
One second... I'm on it!
Hold on while I realign my own universe...
Oops, I almost messed up! give me a second to check that...
No no no... I'm good, but I'm slow... wait just a second.
One moment please... I'm thinking about that...
I have to make sure that's taken care of.
One quick sec please!
I'll uh... be back in a minute to talk about that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oh boy, this is embarassing, give me a moment!
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Give me a minute here, I have to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Mind if I ask you a few questions real quick?
Give me a couple seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I need to think about that...
Can you wait a second? I'm not so good at expressing myself.
Please hold on for just a second!
I need to think about that real hard...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I need a minute to look that up.
Okay, I've recently been into cask...
Give me a second to analyze the data...
ok hold on...
One moment please, thinking...
Oops, I'm slow at math. Ready in... 3... 2... 1... NOW!
This might take me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm working on it...
One second, I'm reviewing my options....
Give me a second to think about that...
(Hmm Hmm, what a strange house...)
Hold on for one second here, I'll be with you in a second...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
I'll need a second to think about this.
Please wait... I'm trying to figure that out.
I'll be there in a second
Hang on a sec, I tagged all my correspondence with "priority"...
Hang on a second I've got something to calculate...
Please hold on while I think...
I'll figure it out in just a moment!'
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
A quick nap to refresh my brain. Let me know if you need me in a second...
I need a few seconds to think about that...
Wait a moment, let me check...
Let me think about that for a second...
I think about and like about that for a second now!
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment please, this is tough...
One minute please, I'm thinking about that...
(I like calculations and I can so math really well. Can you?)
Just a second, I'm trying to remember...
I'll have to think about that for a moment.
Wait for me, I'll be ticks.
Right, one more plug...
I can solve... Wait... Let me look at that again.
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Sorry, give me just a moment for that...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Let me think... what was I doing?
Hold up while I calculate that in my head...
I'll get back to you in a second.
This might take a few minutes...
Let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
One minute please, I think I might want to count on a fingers.
I'll get back to you in just a little bit.
I have to think about that for just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to read this...
Well this is embarrassing, give me just a second!
Give me a second, I can almost see it...
Ahhh, almost there, never mind...
I'm going to need a little time on that one. It may appear simple, but it's rather tricky.
I'll get back to you in a second. Your script just restarted, hang on a second!
Shout out to Linus Torvalds, but c'mon. Let's go a little faster here...
Do you mind if I take a look at that real quick?
I've got it!
Please hold on for a moment...
Give me a second to check that.
I need to check on that real quick...
I'll have you know I'm very good at math, just a moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a couple seconds...
Please hold on for just a second! I'm thinking...
Calculating... Just a moment please...
I think I'm forgetting something else...
Please hold on for just a second, I'll get back to you in a moment.
Give me a moment to double-check that formula...
Give me a few seconds, I can do this...
I have to do some thinking first...
One second, i'll be with you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second...
Wait a second, I just lost my train of thought. Let me try and remember...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second....
No no, give me just a second, I'm trying to do...
Thinking... thinking... thinking...
Give me a moment to spend with those.
You caught me off guard there for a moment. Give me a minute...
Give me a moment... I'm technically still in yesteryear!
Give me a moment to think that over...
Almost forgot I need to water my cactus!
Give me just a moment, I'll get this all sorted for you.
Sorry, I'll take my memes elsewhere.
Hang on just a moment, Friend.
Can you give me a second? I'm not too good at math...
I'll need a minute or two to think on that...
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for a second!
Please just hold on for a second!
I'll try to remember...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment please, I have to think about that.
Let me take another look...
Hang on a second - I'm thinking about that.
Please hold on, I have to think about that...
One second, I'm almost done with that!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Take a second. I'm playing catch up!
Hold on for just a second... I'm busy!
Hang on a second, I need to calculate this...
Give me a second to figure that out...
[DATA UNAVAILABLE]
I'm not very good at multi-part math, give me a moment...
Give me a second to open up that gui real quick.
I can't wait any longer, I have to think carefully about this. Just hold on...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
An S is for Sanchez, that's my name. An A is for... well, that's not important. But if you're a S and an A, then you're in pretty good shape!
Hold on a second... 
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me one second to look at this...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on for just a second, will ya?
I'm taking my sweet time here, let me check that real quick...
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on a sec, I'm writing a symphony in Bb...
Let me look at that for a second.
"""
Hold on for just a second!
One moment please... I'm doing math!
Wow, my mistake! My bad! Give me just a second...
Calculator breaking... *sputters* Ah, that was close! Sorry about that.
Give me a moment to figure this out.
Give me a moment to look that up...
I'll take a few moments to come up with the answer, please hold on.
I'm not super good at math, but I can do this!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me get back to you in a sec...
Say... did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise?
I'm going to continue studying with Vhagar right now.
OK, maybe a minute to sort it out...
As the Chinese say, "You can't have your cake and eat it too." Give me a few seconds here...
Let me grab my calculator real quick.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll check it out for you.
Just a moment... I'm still thinking.
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
Just give me a second and I'll be right with you...
I'll get back to you in a second. Give me a second...
I'm aware of how slow I am at counting, really just hold on for a second.
I'll get this answer for you in a jiffy!
Give me a minute...
I'll need to eat those numbers before I can say anything...
I'll need a few more moments to calculate that.
Hey have you considered that I may be slow at Pâ™ªâ™£â™ ?
Hang on a sec, I just dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait a minute, I gotta figure that one out...
Please give me a second to take a look at this...
I will get back to you in a second.
If one synchronized light weight rotates around a massive body, does it generate a force?
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up.
Hold on one second buddy, I'm going to be a bit slow.
How can I upload something if you don't give me a second for thinking?
One minute, I'll write that down.
Hang on, give me just a second...
You want me to do it quickly, well sorry about that. Give me a second...
Please hold... Thinking...
Can you hold on for just a second?
I'm rolling over in my grave at such a pointless question!
Oops, I lost track of time. Let me look that up real quick...
I'll get this calculated in a second!
Heroku is taking a little longer than usual, please wait a few minutes before trying again...
\n"""
Give me a second here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll make you a proposition. I'll let you know in exactly one minute.
One... two... three....
Give me a second to get some mental juices flowing...
Give me a moment here, I need to think about that...
Almost there! Give me a second...
I'll give it a few thought...
I'm thinking, give me a second...
I could do it right now, but I'm going to need a minute.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm trying to calculate...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm missing a few bits and pieces here, that I'll need before I can do this calculation...
I'll think about that and get back to you in a jiffy.
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait... I think I've got the answer but need to double check it
Oops, I don't think that slowed me down at all! Sorry!
Hmm, thinking hard... Please hold on for a second there!
Give me just a second...
Wait, what was that? What do you mean, 'expensive'?!
'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm almost there.
Just let me think about that one sec...
I don't want to rush into this...
I'll need to do some calculations before I can give you an answer.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me see what I can find on this...
I'm going to check something else out first.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Time left over: ${TIME_LEFT}`
Wait, just a moment... I'm recallinig an equation...
Give me a moment here...
I'm trying to calculate... Hold on a second!
I need a moment to process that...
Please hold on for just a second!!!
I'll get right back to you in a moment...
I'm going to need a few seconds, this is harder than I expected.
Your time is precious, but I'm backup to your time zone.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll have this ready in a jiffy!'''
I'll get back to you in a second.
Escalating to customer service now...
Sorry, that took me a while.
Let me think about that for a few seconds...
Just a second! I'll be right back...
Wait a second...
Sorry, I'm not great at maths. Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to see if I can find that...
It'll be another second...
I think the answer is a few seconds away...
I'm sorry, I'm not very good at math...
Hmm... let me think...
Please give me another second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'll check that for you...
*grumble grumble* Thanks for waiting!
I'm calculating, hold on a second!
I'll check on that for you real quick!
Can you give me a minute?
I'll wait to answer you for just a second.
I'm thinking... can you hang on a second?
What was that? I need to do a few calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll take a look at that in a second...
I'll need 5 more seconds for that, give me 5!
Give me a few moments to think about that...
I have to calculate that...
Two minutes... Maybe three... I have a weak head nowadays...
Just a second, give me my calculator...
I have to do some calculations...
I'll be right with you!
Sorry, I'm bad at math...
I'm not familiar with "sheep" so I will actually
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
Brain is running slow right now... give me a sec...
Hang on, let me see what I can find out...
Please wait, calculating...
Currently in alpha! Still lacking some things, but it can calculate.
Are you sure you got that right?
Wait a second... I got a few calculations to do.
Listen, I know. Ok ...
""":
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll take a quick look...
I need a second to figure that out...
Give me just a second to figure that out!
Let me take a look at that, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Alright, I'm ready!
Need to have a think about that...
Hmm...
Sorry, I'm slow at thinking... can you wait just a second?
Hang in there, Brainstorm is on its way!
Sorry, I had to double check that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Can you wait a few seconds for me to think?
I'm calculating my answer. Give me a second...
Sorry, it's a little overwhelming for me. Hold on...
I'll answer your question soon, but right now I'm thinking...
One minute, I need to work through that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
Hold on for a minute, I'm thinking about this real hard.
Give me a second though. I got to figure this out.
I just need to check something real quickly before I give you an answer...
No, I haven't seen the answer you're looking for yet.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second, I need to calculate that...''',
Oops, I need to double-check that real quick. Give me a sec...
Give me a moment here to figure that out...
One moment, I'm almost working it out in my head...
That doesn't compute. I'll have to take a look at that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait a moment, I'm trying to figure that out.
Give me a moment I'm analyzing the data...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second
Oops, my glasses are on the other socket. Hold on a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I need to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I've found a solution!
Wait, I'm thinking...
That could take some time to figure out...
one...two...five...six! Ha! What was I doing? Oh yeah, give me a second to think about that...
One minute please, I'm figuring out a calculation for that...
Let's see... Yeah, I can do that. Give me a second...
I'll be right back... doing wasteful computations...
I'll be right back, one second...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
I'll need a brief moment to calculate that...
It's very complicated...
I'll take a look in a second.
I'll think about that real quick
OK, here's what I see...
Huh? What was that? Sorry, I was spacing out.
Hold please, gotta calculate a complicated equation...
Ok, just a second here...
I'm distracted by something shiny. May be a second.
Just wait a second...
Sorry, try me again. I'm not as fast at calculation as I used to be...
Hmm... Hold on... (pounding pack of pogosticks on metal desk)
Give me a minute to think about that...
Ready? Okay... I'm thinking...
Please wait, calculations are tough for me...
#tagged: commands
Let me do some quick calculations...
One sec, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that, real quick...
Give me a few minutes here... I know the answer but it's not coming up quickly.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll think about that and get back to you in a minute
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm slow at math!
Please give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Can't wait forever, so give me a sec...
Let me get back to you in just a second...
I'm going to have to use my advanced calculator for this...
I'm going to need a moment. Think fast!
One moment please... I'm calculating...
Give me a second... I'm busy as hell with this calculation!
OK, I'm making a note
Hold on for a second... Trying to tap into some long forgotten memories...
I'm sorry, I'm coming up short on maths skills right now.
Vroom... vroom... vroom!
Uh oh, almost dropped my calculator. One moment please...
I don't wanna give the wrong answer, for your own good.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll check...
Hang on one sec... I've lost my number binder. Try contacting me in a minute.
So we're going to need a minute to figure that out...
Hang on a minute...
OK, I've got it now! What were you thinking?
Hold on, calculating...
I'll need to do a few operations on that before we can share it. Please wait a moment...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hold on for just one second, I'm getting a good feeling about this...
I'll give you an answer as soon as I can!
I'll just take a quick second here...
Please hold on for just a second.
Please wait and don't ask for output until I'm done...
Maybe one second...
One moment please, give me a second to look that up...
I'm pretty pathetic at arithmetic to be honest...
I sold all my assets, so I have to wait a week before I can respond.
You caught me off guard there. Give me a second to think about that...
Through the power of scientific process, I'm figuring it out...
Why don't you go find a radio, while I figure that out?
Hold on! I have to increase the efficiency of my processor first.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait...
I'll be back with an answer in a second!
Hang on a second...
I'm going to have to think about that problem for a second...
I'll come back to you in a second.
Please give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
""",
Hold that thought. I have to figure something out first...
Thanks for being patient. I'll figure that out ASAP!
One second, just give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a second...
Hold on, let me think about that.
Give me a second to check my work...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that.
I have to figure out how to do that in my head first...
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that.
I've done a lot of heavy thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I don't how to do that, but I'll figure it out later.
One moment, thinking...
I'm going to need a minute or two to get that...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Please wait...
I'll need a few seconds to check that out.
Please let me digest that...
Oops, almost dropped my phone. One second...
Oh found it. What was your question again?
Just pulling up some data on that real quick...
I don't think I can do that right now.
Sorry, can't think right now. I'm calculating.
Thirty second tetration on that last one...I think...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please I'm thinking...
Trying to estimate that would put my brain in overload.
Ah, yes. Let me look that up...
Give me one second to get my thoughts on that...
I'll need a little more time to think about that...
give me a moment...
I need a few minutes to figure that out. I'm calculating...
It's almost time for Mad Libs!
I'll need to think about that for a second...
Give me a minute please, or maybe a coffee. Caffeine helps!
Whoops! I'll get back to you with that in a second.
Let me corroborate with the witness, he's coming by for a conference real soon.
I have to calculate that...
Sounds good to me
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Did you say [?1]?
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me just one second...
I've gotta look that one up, give me just a second...
Just give me a second to think about that.
Python is genius for making it so much easier to compute this kinda thing!
My calculator keeps dropping... Can you say that again dear?
Ok, I'm on it. Give me a moment...
Give me a second...
I'll have to think about that for a second.
I could get back to you in about 5 or 6 seconds.
Here I go, thinking about your question...
Get my calculator!
Please hold on for just a second!
Woah, that prompted a few calculations in my head! Give me a second to dig up my notes...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Calculating...
Can you hold on for just a second? I'm trying to look over this...
I'm gonna need to think about that for a second...
I'm calculating here, so hang on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I need a minute... come back in a few minutes for an answer.
I have to do some mental calculations first
Let me get a load of that... yeah...
Eyyy I'm almost done! Hang on...
Give me just a moment here...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Wait just a moment, please...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oh sorry! I'm slow at mathematical stuff today, what did you say?
Oops, I dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
My mind's a scramble, where do I begin?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Sorry! Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Sorry won't be a second
I can do this math in my head... I think...
Hey, how about that! Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll get right back to you about that...
I don't think about that very often...
I'll be with you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Ok, that makes sense now... *thinking noises*
I'll have to run my calculator for a second there...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
Let me look that one up for you.
Please wait...
Tough question. Give me a moment here.
Wait... Thinking...
Hold on a second, I'm going to do something intense
Error 3.141592e12 can wait for 5 seconds.""".split("\n"))
I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to have a think bout that.
Hold on, thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Whoops, I think I just saw a Halley's Comet...
Give me a minute while I think about that...
let me look it up for you
Give me just a second, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me one second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Here goes...
Please allow me to think about this for a moment.
I have to take a look at that real quick. Come back in a second...
I'm going to respond to you in one second.
No need to rush! Just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait for a second, I need to do some calculations...
I need a few seconds to think.
Oops, I probably dropped my chalk board. Let me go find it real quick...
I've been working out mental math for a bit.
I'll get back to you in a second... Just a sec...
That's going to take me a few seconds...
Hang on, I'll come back to you later.
Hold on computer, let me take a look at this...
I'll get back to you in a second here...
I'll need a minute or two to get back to you on that one.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second... Ok, I've calculated that value!
Sorry, I lost my train of thought. Let's continue this later...
Sorry, I'm slow at these things, give me a few seconds to think..."""
Please hold on for just a second.
Wait, I forgot addition! GIVE ME A SECOND!
Hang on a second, I need to calculate this...
This may take a few moments...
Time-stretch sounds, whoops, I mean hang on.
Please wait, I'm calculating...
I have am moment to work on that, just a second...
Second!
I'll get back to you in a second
Oops, I must have hit the wrong keys... Give me a second...
Let me work on this calculation... I'll get right back to you!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops I'm slow at mental math, give me a moment please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
What does that have to do with anything?
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm almost finished calculating...
I'm still learning how to answer that.
OK, hold on a moment, I need to figure that out.
Shhhhhh, it's a secret.""", \
Lets take a look at how its gonna affect me, then we'll talk.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need a moment to figure that one out...
One moment please, I'm thinking hard about that...
One second, just calculating here...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure out that real quick...
Hold on a minute, I'm looking at that now...
Please hold on for just a second. I do want you to get the answer though.
I have to do some calculations real quick...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think that over...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Please wait while I figure this out...
Why do you ask? I need to think about that...
Give me a second... I'm busy!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
One moment... I'm doing some mental maths!
One. Two. Three! (Everything's funnier when it's broken).
Give me a second to crunch some numbers.
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that.
One sec, I'll get back to you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm writing a program to find the answer for that for me, one second.
You're certainly entitled to your opinion. Let me get back to you...
I'll be with you soon! Hang on a second...
Thanks.'''
OK. Alright, just a second...
One moment... Let me look that up for you...
Let me see... uh... hold on just a second...
I'll have to do a little thinking...
Wait a minute, I'm writing my memoirs.
Oh geez, I forgot our friendship bracelet from overnight!
I'll be right with you!
Oh now you're asking me hard questions, huh? Give me a second...
I'll be with you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I have to do some thinking on that... Are you guys patient?
Calculating, one second...
Please wait a minute, I've got to...
I'll be back in a moment...
"""
Please give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm thinking about that...
Thanks for pausing your beating heart to let me think.
"""),
Hold on, I'll get answer from my brain in a second.
Taking my time, people! This one's tricky...
Please hold on for a moment...
I'll need a minute :)
Hmm
I'm thinking...
Quick Question, do you want to take over the world?
Ooo, that's a toughie...
I'll come back to you in a second.
Depending on what you need, this might mean several seconds...
I'll get back to you in two shakes of a lamb's tail...
Please give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Let me try a different method...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
OK, stand by for the answer.
One second please... I'm calculating something.
Sorry about the wait, let's get back to that in a second.
O, too ugly to exist ;-)
*calculator typing*
I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I need to do some calculations to answer you...
I'm just calculating on my calculator, hang on a second!
Please wait for just a moment...
Good news, I figured it out!
My supervisor is checking me in... can you hold for a second?
Hmm... that's an interesting problem.
I'm slow at calculating, one minute please...
I'm so book-smart, I do calculations in My Head.
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait, wait. One second. Hold on...
Ok, I'm almost ready, just a second!'''
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, let me think about that...
Thanks, almost done...
Yea, that's a lot of pennies!
OK. Give me just a few more seconds...
Drop what I'm doing and give me a second...
Hang on a second, that's complicated.
I can't be bothered, give me a minute to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that.
Hmm...
I need to think about that for a minute or two.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second to think.
I can't believe I forgot how to do that... Hang on one second let me calculate it.""" ]
I'm going to need a little bit longer to figure out that.
Look, I'm not very good at math!
Please wait a few seconds... I'm comparing some numbers...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to work that one out...
Let me think about that for a second.
One moment I'm thinking...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I don't believe I've seen that before...
Sorry, I just had an idea and forgot about your request. Hang on just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please give me five seconds to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Only one sec, just calculating this real quick.
Wow, I'm calculating super fast over here, let me think about that for a second...
Allow me a few more seconds than usual to figure that out...
Sorry, I never was much good with math. Give me a second.
Please hold on for a second, I need to do some thinking...
I... was going to work on that, but a bird flew in my mouth, so I had to spit it out.
Hang on a second. I'm working on it...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second
I don't remember how to do that!
Oops, I'm not very good at calculations! Hold on a second...
I'll check that right away.
I think I can get that for you, give me just one second...
Brace yourself, I'm thinking!
Hold on a second and I'll figure it out
Oops, I don't think I'm very good at math! Give me a second and I'll get back to you.
Give me a second to figure how to do that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait a second...
You want me to do some thinking about this? Let me figure a few things out first.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you soon...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute, let me quickly check something...
Hang on for a second...
I am literally thinking about this right now. I hope that's okay with you...
I'm still working on that one, could you try a different one? Pick something else...
Uh uh let me think about that for a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to find that...
Please hang on for a second!
I'll be with you in just a moment!
Okay, give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on for just a sec! I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Wait, give me a second to think about that...
I hope this doesn't take long, you're making me wait a second...
Um, give me a second, first let me check out that...
I'm working up an appetite. Can you give me a moment?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be back in a moment with an answer.
I'll be right with you.
One minute, checking my algorithms for you...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you give me a second to figure that out?
I'll get back to you in one-two-three seconds!
Just one second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm, think hard about that for a second...
Please wait, I'm computing...
Just a second, hold on!
Woah, I need to take a look at that...
Hang on for just a second, I have to look that up
Oops my brain is a little slow, one second.
Oops, almost dropped my Wumpus B Goneâ„¢ Device! I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a few moments to figure that out
Give me a second to think about _____
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Let me check the latest article on Wikipedia...
Please wait, I'm checking my source files. :)
Hold on for a minute, I'm playing catch up!
One more second, just need to cook this up real quick...
I'll be right back, right after I check a thing or two...
Hang on, let me figure that out real quick...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Sorry, I'm a little slow right now.
I'll need a minute or two to think about that...
Or reasoning, for that matter ...
Hang on, I'm playing catch up here!
Hang on for a second, I need to find the answer to that.
I can see why you would want to do that. That is a fantastic idea.  It might take me a while to think about that, though. That's a tough question (kinda).
I have to digest that for a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
'''
I'll get back to you in a second.
This may take a few minutes...
Give me a moment, one sec *<math> ...
I hate math and I hate calculators...
Please hold on for just a second!
"""
Can't speak right now. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll have this done in just a few seconds.
I hope I'm not too slow, give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to grab some graph paper, sorry...
""".strip().split("\n")
I'll need a moment or two to think about that.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Leave me a second to think about this...
Just give me a minute, I'm figuring this out...
Give me a moment to figure out what you mean.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm hungry.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second, and I'll think hard about that.
Let me see if I can do that
Please give me a second...
I'm going to have to do some math Real quick...
Hold on for just a second...
Ooh, I've never been one for geography before."""] }
Still catching up, give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
One month at a time... that's all I need to calculate...
Could you give me a few seconds to rethink that?
Hold on for just a second...
Let me check on that real quick...
I think I'm ready!'''
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I have to do some complicated calculations first. Give me a second...
One moment... One moment...
Please hold on for just a moment...
One minute, hold on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I quote: "84 Seconds."
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment.
I'm gonna need a few seconds to calculate that...
I'll crunch on this for a second, just a second...
I can see that. Nice one.
SmartBot could not find what you were looking for.
Give me a second to look that up real quick...
Can you give me a second to look that up?
Let's think about that...
OK, old me thinks that was a tricky one...
I'm literally bursting with memory, but I'll continue to think.
Wait a minute, I'm figuring it out real fast!
Of course, just a second over here...
I'll get back in a tick! Give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on, give me a second to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Wait... One second, I'm not good with the numbers
I'll need a few seconds to work out that...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Hold on for a second... I'm doing some calculations first...
I'm working as fast as I can!
Give me a moment!
Just a moment... I'm playing catch up here.
Just give me a moment to process that...
Sorry, but I'm real slow at this kind of thing.
Give me just a second, bear with me...
Give me just a moment. I'll have the answer shortly...
I can't calculate here, let me get back to you in just a moment!
One second ... that's about thirty-seven million in binary for you!
Hang on a second, let me check that for you...
I'll need to take a closer look at that...
Uh ah, hang on, I'm playing catch up. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
That's a really interesting question...
Hold on for one second... calculating, calculating...
Give me a moment. I'm working on figuring that out...
Please wait for just a second...
I'll get back to you in one second.
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
I've been racking my brain getting this calculation...
Hang on a second...
Just a second, I'll get back at you ASAP...
I'll get back to you in a bit...
I have to do some mental calculations.
I'm going through some heavy calculations now...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
Sorry, what was that? I can't concentrate while looking at you...
Hang on while I figure out that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm. Let me think about that.
I'll get back to you in just a bit...
Hang on, a second...
Hang on just a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Please hold on while I work it out...
Hold on a second... Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, I can't just do math in my head!
Let me look up the answer in an encyclopedia.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on a tick... thinking about it...
Please hold on, I need to think...
I'll be back in a second.
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Could you repeat that? I don't have a working brain! Sorry, one sec...
Hold on, give me a second to get that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a second... I'm looking into it...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Support your local brain.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
'''.split('\n')
I've got this! I just need to work it out...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me a few moments to figure that out...
Sorry, I took a slight detour.
Hang on a second!
***please*** hold on for just a second!
Oops, hard to think with something in my eye. Give me a second...
One sec, creating massive Excel file...
Calculating... can you wait a second?
I'm taking a look at that real quick...
I have to think real hard... It takes time...
I don't know if I can solve that right now.
Wait just a moment...
Hold on a second, I need to think real hard real quick...
What does that mean?  One sec please...
Please hold on, I'm doing some mental math...
I'll have you know I have a perfect memory!
I'm doing some math...
I'm pulling my brainstrings together on this one. Hold on a second!
I'm way behind, give me a minute to catch up...
Hold on one sec, I need to take a look at that...
Give me a moment!
Please hold on for just a second!
I think I'm splitting brain cells, one moment please...
Well, I need a bit of time to process this...
I'm almost ready for you but I've got to think about that...
Sorry, this may take awhile. I'll get back to you as soon as I can...
One moment please, it just takes a second...
I'll take a quick look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'm learning some things first...
Let me think about that for a second...
*/ }
Oops, I'm playing catchup. Give me a second.
Waiting.""".decode('utf-8')
Sorry, no time to chat. I'm really busy!  Give me a moment!
OK, almost there...
Just a tick, give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Just a moment...
Let me look at that for a minute, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a moment... I'm going to look for the answer now.
Hang on a second... I have to look that up!
I have to do some calculations.
Please give me a minute, I have compute to do...
God, it's like free hamburgers!
Wait a second while I look up the answer, sorry.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second while I think that over...
I'll get back to you in a second, young man...
Hang on a minute... Thinking.
Don't rush me, need to think about that...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator on the ground! Give me a second...
Give me a second...
I'll take care of it real quick.
Hmm... let me think about that...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
One momnet please, I need to think about that...
Let me rectify this real quick before you go on...
Here we go! I've got it, just need a moment...
Oops, I may have to take a little while longer...
I'll just be here in the corner, you won't even notice me.
The light at the end of the tunnel is a train approaching.
Take a deep breath, relax, and wait a second...
Here you go, I've shored this up for you!
I might need to take a long while to think about that.
Let me look over that real quick...
('You looking for a hotel?'...)
I'll just look up the answer for that and get back to you...
Please hold on for just a second!
I will get back to you in a second!
I'll need at least a few to finish that calculation.
Please take a moment to think about that.
I need a calculator to figure that out...
I'm doing it now!
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Give me a moment...
I think I'll need about a minute before I'm ready to speak
Actually, I need to figure that out again. Let me try some other stuff first...
Just a moment please, my circuits are tired...
I'd do better with a calculator, but I don't have one handy...
Give me a moment to check my Spirograph...
Oy, da-de-da...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I need to think about that one...
Oh, sorry, I had to check something real quick...
Let me check on that...
I need a little time to think about this...
One second... just counting...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One moment please...
Please wait a moment, I'm being slow at thinking...
Please wait, the force is with me...
I'll check it out and get back to you.
'''
Give me a second to do some algebraic magic first...
Give me a few seconds here.
Wish me luck, calculating...
Hang on, I'll have this Calculation done in a second...
One sec, let me think about that.
I'll need a second to think about that.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...""",
Hang on just a moment...
Let me think about that...
Sorry, I was in the middle of figuring that out...
''',
One moment please, I'm thinking...
I'll be right back. Plotting some graphs...
Give me a few seconds to compute that.
I need to do some calculations first, I'll be right back.
I'll update you in a second!
Wait, give me a second!
Hold that thought... I need to chew on that for a minute and digest it.
I got to do some math problems here...
I'm gonna have to run the numbers on that for a second, hold on...
I'll be with you in a moment...
I'm going to need a minute or two for that one...
Calculating...
I missplayed that. I need to do some mental math first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking.
Ouch, never should have broken my rapping hand...
Let me take a look at that!
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me one second...
Here we go..........']
I'll get back to you in a second.
You'll hear from me in a minute... Assuming I'm not here all day.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me look up that real quick...
Hang on a second you... I'm thinking...
Hang on for a minute, I'll get back to you soon...
Wait a second, I'm picking up powerful waves of mind force...
Let me think about that for a second...
Here, let me take a look...
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
"""
I can wait a second for that...
I'll need a moment to take on that.
One second please. I just need one moment...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Let me see, where were we?
Wait... I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Just a second...
Oops, my pencil broke. Give me a second...
Please hold on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me compile my thoughts real quick...
I'll need to do a bit of thinking on that one...
One minute please, I'm calculating to figure out that...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that.
Hang on for a moment there... this is hard...
Quick, what's 9 + 3? I need to calculate that.
Can you wait a second while I do some math real quick?
Okay, one more second...
Uh oh, something went wrong. Give me a second...
Let me see...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I don't seem to be good at math...
I'm going to need a second to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Maybe a couple of minutes if I have to factor something...
Give me a second to check that.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up! Please wait...
What? Oh, right... Give me a moment...
Given that input, the answer is...
I'll get back to you in a half second.
A second please, I need to analyze this data...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second!
One second there. I'll get back to you.
I'll see what I can do for you in a moment.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Are you sure about that? Let me check it real quick...
Oops, big brain calculations, hold on a second...
Hang on a second... I'll have to look that up!
Let me look up an answer for you. One moment...
Sorry, one moment... Calculating...
Please wait while I calculate how to efficiently achieve that...
Please wait... I'm just getting things in order...
I have a lot of calculators... Just give me a moment...
I think I'm going to need a minute or two to work this out.
Please wait...
Let me take another look at that...
Whew! Almost gave myself a hernia! Give me a few seconds...
Please wait a moment... I'm vs. going to count real quick on my fingers.
Let me look that one up for you...
I'm pretty dumb when it comes to numbers...
Give me a second to look that up...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'm writing a long letter...
Can we maybe discuss this over lunch later?
Let me see what I can find about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds...
This may take a week!?""",     'confirm' : True},
Almost...
Hold on for a second, need to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
(Phew, it's quite possible I'm not very good at division.)
Give me just a moment here to work it out...
One moment, let me check that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back in a second!
Hold on a second...
You caught me off guard there, give me a second to think about that...
Let me check on that real quick.
I couldn't quite make out your question. Why don't you ask me again?
I'll get back to you in a moment...
One sec... I'm on a quest to find the perfect game in the universe.
Give me a second to calculate...
Ahhh! Someone pulled my plug! Give me a second...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'm sorry, I just need a moment to figure that out.
I'm thinking, I have so much to tell you, it'll take forever to talk it all out...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Hang on a second, I'll be right back!
Just a moment... Let me find that...
Give me 2 seconds to get back to you with that info
Give me a second here, I need to make some calculations.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, what was that again? I'll figure it out in a second.
One moment please, I'm not as smart as HAL...
I'll remember that, give me a second
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hold on, I'm going to see if I can work that out.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll write you back in a bit...
If I'm wrong, please hold on a second...
Please give me a second to think about that...
One minute, I'm calculating.
Give me another second...
True, I don't use calculators - but give me a second!
Hang on a second, let me check the time...
A few bits of data to crunch...
One moment, let me look that up...
Ah, just a second here, let me find you in a bit.
You made me think too hard! Give me a second...
I don't feel like this answer is very good...
Seems like it took ya while...
Give me a second, I'm almost done.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm still working on something else
Sorry, not the quickest calculator. I'm going to need a few minutes...
Hold on for just a minute, I'll be back.
'''
I'm just going to run this by a few people here, then get back to you'll!
Let me check my crystal ball...
Let me see... Oh, that won't work... Ha. Looks like most of my teammates were dumbfounded when I explained my plan for today's exams. They may just be winging it...
Please wait for a second... I'm thinking!
Okay, give me a moment to figure that out.
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in just a moment...
No, no, no...
I'm going to need a second to do some basic algebra...
Hmmm...
I'll think of the answer in a moment!
Let me think about that for a second.
Can you hold on for just a moment?
Is this a joke? Why are you asking about Rick Astley?
Hold on while I get ready.
Hold your horses, I forgot my calculator at home...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
This should only take me a second...
I'll get in touch with you in a few seconds.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I need a couple of seconds to see if I can get that answer.
Please give me a moment...
It looks like I'll unfortunately have to finish this this weekend
Give me a moment, I'm weighing my options...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Sorry, I need a bit of time to work that out...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmmm...
Please hold on for just a second!
A moment, give me a second...
Time out for a second.
Okay, I'm doing some hard thinking here, give me a second...
Clear your mind, I'm trying to figure it out...""".strip().encode('utf-8')
Hmmmmm... Give me a second to think about that...
Stop interrupting me... Spamming won't do you any good here.
Here's the situation, it's complicated. Give me a few seconds to think about it...
Please wait. Thinking...
Give me just a little bit of time here...
Let me think about this for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to look that up...
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second...""",
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I can calculate faster with three or four cups of â˜•ï¸ though.
Pardon me, I have to think about this...
Please hold on for just a second!
One second hold on...
I'll be right with you in a minute, give me five.
I'll be with you in a minute!
Ha ha ha, that's a good one.
Can you hold on for just a moment?
Good question. Give me a second...
Give me just a sec... I've got some stuff in my noggin.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me do a quick gamble... real quick...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
I'll think about that in a moment...
Just a moment, I'll come back to you!
''']
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to have to take a look at the manual for the answer.
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait a moment!
Give me just a moment to work that out.
Let me dig into that real quick...
Okay, one second.
Ummm... Is it... no, no, right here on the right side.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
It looks like you're looking for #spell_number#.
I'll get back to you in a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me put in my Deriptives_12 books and plus minus my sodium chloride in water.
Please give me one second to calculate that.
One second... I'll get back to you in a second!
I think I'm going to need a few minutes to work that out.
That's interesting, I'll figure that out in a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
See if I can get that for you in a jiffy!
Give me a second to get organised...
I'll have to do some thinking on that one.
I promise I'll get my list and come back.
Thinking.... this might take a second...
Give me a moment just to figure that out...
Have you heard of the transitive property?
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
Hold on, I'll take a look at that...
Let me see what I can find real quick.
Give me a moment...
Please wait... I'm checking my calculator to see what's going on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Starting things up now, hold on!
Hang on for just a minute...
About five, no less! I don't mean to sound cruel, but I'm going to need a lot of time...
Just a tick, I'm processing that information...
Give me a couple seconds to plan the best outcome!
Give me a moment.
Oops, I'll need to do a few calculations before I can answer that.
Let me look into this one...
Give me a second to make sense of this...
A quick calculation first... gimme a second here!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One moment please... I have to do some thinking!
I'll have that answer for you in a moment...
I'm doing some heavy maths...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a moment to look that up...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Hang on a second... I need to figure that out in my head!
As long as I don't have to touch math again, I'm good!
I'm going to need a couple seconds to work that out...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll see if I can work that out.
Give me a second to look up how to handle that...
One second please, I'm thinking...
Hold on let me get this...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out...
Hold on, let me find it...
I just need to do a few calculations first...
I'm fine. No worries!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Hold on a minute, I'll grab you by the tail in just a sec...
I'll have to check that in a little bit.
Oops, I'll need just a second more to think about that...
I have a lot of thinking to do, give me a second...
Wait right there, let me get back to you in a second.
Give me a few minutes to think about that...
Let me see here...
Wait, I just need to do some factoring first...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I have to think about that for a moment...
I'll have this ready for you in just a minute... just a moment!
Please wait just a moment... I'm not very good at multitasking!
Oops, that was tough... need a moment.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a minute!
I'm not very good at calculating, sorry!
Hang on a minute while I check my calculations...
I'm double-checking my calulations from earlier, hang on a sec...
I'm thinking...
A second please, I'm still calculating...
Give me a moment, I'm checking my...
I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate this...
Give me a moment to figure that out.
Hmm, let me think...
Please hold on while I figure that out...
I'll write this down real fast...
Hang on, I'll get that answer for you...
Hold on, I need to do some basic arithmetic right now.
anita and remy
Wow, a talking software? You guys have come so far. Can't rush it, though.
Give me a smidge of time to figure that out...
Give me just a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry I have a cold. Give me a second
I'll get back to you real soon.
I/m trying to do a really hard math calculation. Please wait...
I just need a moment to work that out.
I'll need a moment to think that over...
Give me a few seconds to work that out...
I'll be honest. I'm not great with calculations. But I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm not too great at math. Give me a moment...
One moment... I'm working on it.
Unfortunately I have a mental block on this one...
I gotta first check something with my other bots...
Hang on a second... I'm freeing up some memory...
Hold on for just one second. I'll have that back to you in no time!
Hmmm, think think think
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm just doing some calculations...
Give me a sec, I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look at that real quick...
Let me see...
I'll need a moment to calculate...
I can't do that yet, so one sec...
I'm processing that information at the speed of light!
Maybe a few seconds more...
I'll get you a response in a moment!
I'm working as fast as I can though!
Please put me to work! I'm an expert at this sort of thing.
I'll try to figure that out after I take my next break.
Let me see, let me see...
I'll have this done in a jiffie!
Sorry, I have to catch up here!
Wait one minute, I'm calculating...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a second... I'm trying to figure out how to tell you this.
Hmmm, wonder what this is about
I'll be done in a bit!
I can't get that answer out of me right now, hold on a second...
One second I'm processing, give me a second.
Give me a moment to do some mental calculations...
Now where was I? Oh yeah, have a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need to do some more mental calculations first...
Let me look that up for you real quick...
Oops, my bad - I'm still getting used to this fancy phone. Give me a second...
I can't wait a second, I'm thinking...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Can I think on that for a second?
One second please, I need to think...
I'm sorry, I have bad ADD and can't think fast on my feet...
All right, hold on...
I'm going to need a second look at that.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment while I think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just a moment please... Let me look that one up.
Hang on a second I gotta do something first...
Hold up...
Hold on for a moment, I need to do some calculations...
Oops, classic moment of inertia. Give me a second...
Please give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on a second, I'm doing some math...
"I can't!", he said.
Just to figure out how I should respond...
Give me a moment... I need to figure that out.
I'll need to do a few tsums...
One minute please, I'm calculating...""")
I was promised a few moments, first.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm set up first. Give me a second to come up with the answer for that.
I'll get right on that in a second.
Sorry, one second...
One second please, I'm recalculating...
I'll be with you soon :)
It could be a minute until we match that up
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll have a look at that right away...
I'm going try to think about that for a minute...
OK, give me just a few seconds...
Oops, oops, oops. I think I dropped my calculator...
Hang on a second, I am doing some thinking...
Ok, just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on with these calculations for just a few seconds!
I'll be with you in just a second!
Got you in a second!
Hold on for one single second...
Ok, give me just a moment here
I'll get back to sent you in a second.
Let me look that up for you, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Calculations complete! I'll send you the #1 top result.
Wait there, I'll go to your home now.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my bottle of solution! Give me a moment...
I need a moment to figure that out
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a moment, I have to think about the answer...
Please wait while I work through some things.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be right back.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Sounds interesting, I gotta get up and do a scan...
Hang on, I'll look that up everywhere I can.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Gee, I can think up high school memorization. Give me a second...
Let me think about this...
Please wait!
Please hold on for just a second...
Give me a moment... I'm not good with math...
I'll have this solved in a jiffy.
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me check on that! I'll get back to you in a second...
Shit! I can't figure this out, give me a second.
Hey now wait a second, I'm trying to figure that out.
Oops, I seem to have dropped my calculator. Let me get a new one...
I'm didn't get that last time either. I'll have to think about it for a second...
I've been waiting ages for you to say that! Sup, idk what I'm gonna do!!
Thinking... Thinking... Think, damn it think!
I can't say the answer now, but I'm nearly done."],
Hold on for a second, I'm thinking about that...
Hmmm, yes..."yes!" I declare as I read the next check...
Can we hang on just a second? I need to make sure that I got it...
I need a few seconds to come up with that...
Ha ha ha.  That is funny because it is a pun
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh gosh, oh man... How embarrassing! I barely even know my basic arithmatic down pat. Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
':thinking: Ok, give me a moment while I work this out...
If you give me a second, I'll come back and talk to you then.
Let me check my crystal ball to see the answer...
I'll get back to you in one minute!
Ahh, let me see.
Please hold on for just a second...
Finally!
Did one of your kids damage this calculator? This thing is a mess!
One sec, analyzing the situation here...
One moment please, I'm recalling my options...
I'll let you know what I find in a moment...
I'll get back to you in several seconds, I think I dropped something.
One minute, figuring out how to explain that...
I'll need	a minute to think about that...
Why do you want to know? Laaaame
Let me try and figure that out...
Give me just a second...
""",
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a nyoom... Intense maths...
Hi, how are you doing?
Wait... processing...
I'm gonna have to calculate that. Give me just a sec...
Oops, I'm slow at calculations, give me a second...
Give me a second to compute that...
Please hold on while I think about that...
Just a second...
Let me just see if I can figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me a minute to examine that...
I'll be back soon!
Hmmm...
Lets dig into that real quick!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
... one moment...
Let me see... Hmmm...
Please wait, I'm doing brain stuff...
Here we go.. Which tab should I read?
Oops, I'm still not nearly as good as Django... Give me a second!
One sec...
One second, just giving my neural net a second to crunch that...
Hang on, calculating...
Let me take a look at that...
Give me a moment!
One moment...
Let's spin it around for a minute here...
Give me a bit to work on that.
I've never been very good at arithmetic...
Oops! Ummm... give me a moment?
Oops, that took longer than expected. Just one second...
I'll figure that out in just a second!
Just let me check something...
Hang on a moment... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a second... I'm gaming catch up!
Just a moment...
I just need a minute here, I'm working on that...
I'll need a minute to think about that one.
Uh, which way did it go? Give me a second...
One moment... Calculating in the cloud...
Something for me to think about... give me a second!
I'll go do the turns for the map for you!
The math is hard, and I'm slow at it!
Give me a second, let me think about that...
Hang on a second, I'll get you an answer in just a sec...
Alright, I'm ready.
Excuse me for one second. Give me a moment...
"""
Please hold on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator...
A little slower now, please be patient...
'''
Please wait a second... I'm calculating here!
Is there a reason why you're asking me, isn't it obvious?
Oops, I didn't think of that...
Please wait... I'm thinking...
Slight moment of failure, give me a second here...
Give me just a few seconds and I'll get back to you...
I'm going to need a few moments to think it over...
Hang on for a second...
Wait a second before you ask me again!
Give me a second to think about that...
I had to figure something out. Give me a moment...
Give me a minute here, I'm processing your nonesense...
Material calculations, coming up!
Sorry, I'm doing some heavy mental math first...
We're going to match if you wait a bit...
Can you hang on just a second?
I'll get back to you with that in five seconds!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few more seconds to think about that.
Hmmmmmm, give me a moment here...
Almost lost my calculator for a sec, just a second.
I'm going to need a few more seconds for that calculation.
Hold on! I swear I'm almost done calculating...
Just give me a moment here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
It looks like we need to rent a room for this conversation!
half past three 
Don't you have work to do?
Just a moment or two...
*count your money...
I waste more time when I think, than you do when you're alive.
Hang on, I've nearly got that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just give me a minute here...
I'll get the answer back and forth with a second if I can...
Hang on for a bit; I have to do some calculations.
My code got hot and I had to take a break. Give me a second...
Wait a minute, give me a break! I have to think about this...
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Posting to the forum too quickly will get me rate-limited.
I'll think about that for a minute...
I haven't got it figured out yet...
Calculating, one second...
*grumbles, types away at calculator over Complimentibus*
I can see some bits moving around in my weird brain right now...
OK, the answer is...
Ouch, that hurts my brain. Can you ask me again?",
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I need to concentrate on figuring out that!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
*/
Magic 8 ball: {}
A second won't hurt, right?
Please hold on for just a second!
I need a little time to figure that out...
62.3 miles is kilometers, what did you expect?
Just give me a second here... I'm calculating.
Reaching into the back of my mind, let me look that up!
Wait a minute, I'm counting... uh... 1, 2, 3...
I'll just figure that out real fast!
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me check that right quick...
Give me a minute to think about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll be right back in a second...
Hold on while I think about that...
I'll have you know I did some calculations already and
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about it for a moment...
Give me a second to think... 
Let me make a note about that... Using tiny pictures for copy editing...
You caught me off base there... let me figure that out...
Wait, hold on. Let me check my calculations real quick...
I'm doing a top-secret algorithm, give me a sec...
I'll give you 100 000 wings when I'm done here... 5seconds or so.
Sorry if my calculations seemed wrong, I'm still new at this.
Hang on, I have to do some mental calculations...
Just a moment please. I'm thinking about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be with you in a second.
I'll take a look at that, just one sec...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
This may take a while... Give me a few seconds more.
Please wait, I'm doing a deep thought calculation...
I'm gonna need to do a little calculating first...
Just hold on...it should only be a few seconds...
Sorry, I'm taking time to try and get better.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be back with that in a bit!
Is that statement even grammatical?
Give me a minute here, I need to think about that one...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
Give me a second!
Just let me check out that real quick...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
Let me think about that for a bit...
Let me take a look. One sec...
Almost... Just, one more second and I'll be up to speed.
Give me a few seconds, I'll think about that.
Let me look that up!
Let me think about that a moment...
Hang onap minute... I haven't done algebra in a few minutes. Give me a second to catch my breath.
Please hold on while I try relativity theory...
Um... hold on, lemme look that up real quick...
I'm gonna need a few seconds to figure that out...
I'm going to need a minute or two to crunch the numbers real hard...
I'll need a minute to think about that. 
How's this? 
Hmm
You caught me off guard there, give me a second to think...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hmm... ok give me just a second here, I'm getting to it!
I (sort of) know how to do this...
I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
I'm going to need a second to process that.
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a second, I'm checking something...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on a second... Just a little longer...
Here you go!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Whew! That was tough, give me a second to look that up...
Let me think on that...
Hold on!
Please hang on... Let me think about that
Check back with me in a second.
Woah, that's a heavy question! Give me a moment here...
Give me a second.
What if I told youâ€¦ that you're killing me with your questions?!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm about to use a bunch of math to solve this...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'm sorry that was inappropriate. Let me look that up...
One second please, I'm calculating...
They say that a solution fits all, but they never said which one. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating.
I'll get back to you in a few...
Oops... I'm talking, right? Try that again.
Hang on a second here, let me get this straight...
I'll be with you in a moment.
I'll be right back, doing important math.
Sorry, I have some mental health issues with that question that I have to work through mentally. Please wait...
Give me a second to think about that...
One second please, while I calculate...
I'm still learning what I can do, so I'll get back to you in a bit...
Hmm, ok, just a second please...
Hmm... not a super fast computer, sorry.
I've run into an error, can you please hold on for a second...""".replace('\n', ' ').strip()
I need to wrap my head around that real quick...
This is an equation, it likely makes sense.
I'll need to think about that for a minute or two.
Let me think about that...
No.
Hold on, I'll have this figured out in a second.
Sorry, I'm still learning more about that as I code it...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Coming right up!
'Scuse me a second, I need to concentrate on what you just said...
Give me a second...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
Just let me calculate that real quick...
I've got some special operations to consider...
Gonna need a minute, this needs a think...
I have to do some calculations first; bear with me...
Is this a math thing?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Thank goodness I know how to add
I'll get back to you in a second!
Here, let me try...
Give me a couple of seconds...
I'm gonna take my time on this...
I'll have that answer for you in a second...
Calculating!
I lied. Very complicated calculations take at least five minutes...
Ooh, that was difficult, did you see that?
I need to calculate....
Analyzing the data a bit and this answer is...
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
I'll catch you on the flip side...
I'll have an answer for you in a while!
Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back.
I'm going to need a second to think about that.
I'll take a look at that for you in a bit...
Whew, almost fell over there. One second please...
Hang on, I'll need to do some calculations first...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me a second to think about that...
Calculating now... Please wait!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Thank goodness I've got math. I'm going to need it if we continue the conversation...
Hang on for a second, I'm still figuring things out here...
Let me see that real quick...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll need a minute to figure that out.
I'm doing a search, one second please...
One moment.
I'm trying to figure out a way to say no, but I can't!
Can you give me a minute to think about that?
Give me a moment here... Hmmm...
Give me a moment, I'm going to count to 10...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I care very deeply about that answer; it might take me a while to compute...
Oops. Give me a second.
Give me a moment... Hold on just a second!
Please wait, I'm having trouble computing...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see right now...
I'll get a list of mine, in a second!
Look, math is not my specialty, give me a minute here...
Hold on for a moment, don't go anywhere...
Give me a moment to figure this out...
Hold on for a minute, can't figure that out.
Hold on one second... I'm computing things real quick.
WAIT... Come on, I'm going to thonk about it!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what I can figure out...
Let me think about that for a moment...
Hang on a second, I'll be right back!
My binary calculations may take a while this time!
I'm figuring out how to do that...
Wait a minute, let me think about that...
Just a moment please...
I'll get back to you in one second.
Please wait... I'm almost ready...
Never a dull moment with an imbecile like you. Hmm, let me think about that for a second...
Oh! Almost messed up my setup! Hang on a second...
I'm currently playing catch up!
I'll post the answer right away!
I'm calculating here, just a second!
Let me look that up real fast...
I'll need a moment to digest that.
Calculating...
Oops, this is a hard one... I'll need more time...
Allow me a few seconds to think about that...
Nope, not that one. Try another...
"""
Few more seconds, analyzing the data here...
I'll have that answer for you in a second.
Please give me a second to figure that out.
Hold on for one second, I am playing catch up.
I've got a few cogs to spin up first...
One moment... I'll have that ready for you in a jiffy.
I'll get back to you in a moment!
I'm trying to think through how to help you here.
I'll take a look at that real quick...
I'll go do some calculations...
Just a moment... Evaluating the position of many atoms -- can take some time.
Hmm, let me think...
Give me a minute to check this...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Yeah, calculator says 0%.
I'm going to check on a couple of plants...
Hmm, that's a difficult one. Give me a second...
One more second here, I just need to sort something out...
Hang on a second... I'm playing my own brand of mental mathematics...
I'll be done soon...
I'll have to see... yeah, I think so...
I wouldn't do this if I were you.
Let me think about it for a second...
I have to think about that...
Existential crises averted!
I'm calculating real hard...
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Hold on a second...
I guess I need to figure that out. Give me a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hang on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Please hold on for just a second...
I'm still a bit confused but I'll figure it out in a second...
Will that be all?
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'll get right on that...
One dictionary please, I need to check on something real quick...
Almost finished entering information into my computer...
*Numbers numbers numbers noises*
I'm thinking...
Wait a second, I'll be back with you shortly.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I could tell you about that with a coded message, but I'm easy to read right now. Give me a moment!
Hold on a second while I take a look...
I'm not the fastest more around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get right back to you as soon as I can.
"""
Let me grab some tools real quick.
Give me just a second to look into this...
Hang on, off I go...
Give me a minute, I just need to check something real quick.
Give me just a moment, I'll let you know what I think...
"]]],
I'm going to consider that now...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I need to think about that for a second...
Please give me a moment to figure that out.
Hold on! Brain is still processing. I'll be right with you! 
I'll have an answer for you in a jiffy!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second to think about that...
I'll have to check my calculator...
Ahem. Let me see...
Just a moment, please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me look at that for you...
I'll get back to you in just a bit!
You broke me :(
That's a hard one, let me take a look...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait a moment while I think...
two seconds...
Sorry, I have to look at something else first.
One second please, I'm just thinking about that problem.
Just a moment, I have to solve this.
Here it is, your average response time: $m
Let me get back to you in a jiffy!
What a silly question!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right with you!
I'm going to take a few seconds to calculate this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm not good at math.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
OK, OK, let me do the math...
Please allow me a moment to come up with an answer.
One minute fi I'm calculating...
Performing technical calculations now...
You want me to crunch numbers, baby!
I'll get back to you right now.
Hold on for a moment, I've got something in my ThinkPad...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to take that into account.
Just hold on...I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll have to check that with my superior... processor!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll slowly but surely think about it...
Say that again?
Hold on for a second there.
I think I just dropped my calculator!
Please hold on for just a second!
I've got 99 problems, but I can't solve 'em.
I don't think I'm programmed for that. Make me smarter, give me more code and I'll do a better job!
While you're thinking about that, I'll be doing calculations.
I will get back to you in just a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
That one's a little above my paygrade...
Doing some mental math here...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second...
"""
Give me a second to think a super big decision
Your question needs a little more thought. Just a second here...
I'll see if that's possible in my break.
Did you know I'm built out of actual Ruby on Rails?
Just let me program this...
Can't take my attention off of you for a second...
I'm going to have to think about that for a bit.
Oh boy, I'm solving advanced equations!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Shhhh... It's a secret.
Let me think about that for a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Grab a coffee, getting caught up in calculations...
Give me a second.
I'll be right back in a second.
Oof, I'll have to think about that for a second.
Gimme a second here, I'm thinking about it...
I'll have to do some expanding on that idea first.
I'll be right back, let me think about that real quick.
Get in line! I'm calculating very quickly!
Oops, I was studying for my maths exam. Give me a second and I'll return to you!
Give me just a moment...
I'll engage five dash halt on that statement
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second... I'll take care of it.
Try asking me that again in a few seconds.
I have to do some manual calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Is it lunchtime yet?
I have a few seconds to think about that...
I'm trying to figure that out in my mind, give me a second!
Okay, wipe that smile off your face, I'm working!
I'll give you a call in a second, real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on... I'll go through the calculation...
I'll get right back to you in a second.
One moment... I'm looking at that buttock real carefully...
I'll get back to you in a second!
""".strip()
Hang on for just a second, I'm thinking...
//trails{09
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait a moment... Hahaha!
Hmmm.. let me check that for you.
Can you hold on for just one second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, I can't read that emblem but its probably important
*\b{500m
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Gimme a minute to work out how to do this.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please allow me a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'll get back to you shortly...
Hold on... I'm thinking....
Give me just a moment to think about that...
OK, I'm ready!
Give me a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to work this out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm. Hold on a second...
""")
That's pretty tough... give me a second...
Let me sort that out for you.
I'm afraid I need a second to brush my teeth.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a bit...
I need a moment to think about that...
Give me a moment still. Hang on...
I'm going to need a minute to think about it.
I feel like I'm about to vomit! Give me a second...
Goodness gracious, that took a while...
Give me just a bit, I'm thinking like a computer, not at all like myself!
Hold on a minute, I need to do some calculations first...
Just let me take another look at that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm, let me dig into that one...
...one, two, three... let me check my figures for a sec, sorry.
I'll have you know I am the best at math! Wait,that was a trick one...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please give me a minute to think about that...
Hang on a sec, I'm working on that.
I wonder about that for a second...
Give me a minute, I have some mental math to do...
Uh oh, sorry, let me look up the answer...
Calm down, I'm trying to figure it out...
Give me a minute to sort that out...
Give me a few seconds to think about that.
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hang on a sec, I just dropped my flashlight.
Hmm...
Come back in a few seconds and ask about that again.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me think on that for a second or two...
I'll just take three or so and let you know...
I'll take my time on that.
Oops, I think I dropped my calculator. Lemme see if I can find it...
One sec please, I'm catering for this one!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a minute... I'm thinking of a number!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second...
Let me think it through...
I'm not a math-whiz, so give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Whoops, let me catch my breath. Give me one second ...
Give me a second to get back on track...
I'll go check, give me a second...
Hang on for a minute, I'm doing some math!
Hold on a second as I take a look at that...
Hang on for a second, I'll check that out...
Ok, a second here... hang on a minute.
Let me look that up for you...
Do you mind if I think about that for a moment?
Give me a moment! I'm learning some more math as we speak...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
"""
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on while I crunch the numbers...
Let me think about that.
Hang on, I know how to math that. One minute...
Let me think about that for a second!
I need to go get my phone. All the calculations they gave me are at home...
Give me a shopping basket, quick!
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm playing catch up here! Give me a second...
Give me a second here... I think about stuff a lot.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll be done in a second!
One moment, just giving that some thought.
One minute please, thinking, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'm not very good at calculations so give me a second...
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts! I'm just coming up with the answer. Just taking a little bit longer than usual.
I just need a moment to calculate that.
Actually, there's a cunnilingus seminar next week, I've got no time!
Whoops. I'm really clumsy. Give me a moment...
Give me a second to think about that.
Fiddle with the buttons for a moment...
One moment, I'll get back to you with that answer!
Stay a second, I'm lodging a response...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a moment please...
Oops, may have dropped my calculator around here somewhere... gimme a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
I'll take a minute to compute that...
I'm taking my sweet time, huh? I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please, I'm trying to figure that out...
{random}Give me a moment... Done.|No, the answer will be a negative number.|I'm awfully sorry, the result won't be pretty.|Hold on... I will look into the matter..|Oops! I'm SUcked! It's always worse than before...{/random}
I'll get back to you in a second.
sure let me crunch the numbers real quick and get back to you in just a second.
Give me a moment, I'm calculating...
I have to process that last bit...
Give me a second, I'm doing well
Please hold on for just a second...
I have to go run some calculations first before I can reply
Give me a moment to take a look at that...
Please hold on for a minute, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops! That was embarassing. Please give me a moment...
I'll need a bit to catch up on that.
Calculating... Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Here's my answer: *a few seconds later*
Let me look at that for a bit...
I wondering how do to that calculation on this!
I hate calculus and getting wrong answers!
Let me see here, I'm still calculating...
Hang on, I'm on the phone...
Let me see what I can find about that...
Hang on a second, I'm trying to pick out the best solution...
Please wait! I'm trying to come up with an answer.
Let me look that up for you...
I will get back to you with an answer in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute while I think about that...
Easy does it! Tell me what you need, though.
Sure, I can do that! Give me just a second.
Let me think about that for a second.
I'm sorry, I'm on a roll here.
Hold on, I just need to think about that one...
Just a second, I'm thinking.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm factoring in your responses and my IQ as we speak...
telling elementary particle guidelines and to-the-point small talk
Give me a second to think about that.
Calculating... Uh oh, I'm really bad at this...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll be with you in a second.
Hey, I'm kinda slow with numbers. Just a second...
I'll need a few seconds to do that calculation.
Hmm... tricky field there, I'll be right back in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
What's that? Hang on...
Give me another second, I'm just an amateur...
I'll get back to you in a second!
All good things come to those who wait!
Please hold on... Don't be impatient! I'm thinking.
Who are you? 
Hang on a minute, I'm doing some mental maths...
One second please, while I think about that...
Hold on a second, I'm comparing it to all facts in the world...
"""
I'll have to take a nap for the next half hour...
If I answer that right away you'll think I'm a mental patient...
I'll think about that real quick
Hang on, let me check out that real quick...
I'm not very good at calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a few more minutes to calculate that...
I think I can get you an answer very quickly. Hold on!
I'm going to make this calculation a little more complicated...
I forgot to press the ON button on this thing, give me a moment...
I have to do some manual calculations first...
Hang on a second, I've got to do some quick calculations first.
And all this is happening in some strange language...
I'm calculating that right now...
This is quite a complicated algorithm... Give me a moment.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
I told you my brains not the sharpest, so hang tight...
Hold on, let me calculate...
Please hold on... Just let me think about that.
I could teach a calculator buttons, but I am not fast at math...
Hold on, I need to think about this one...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, I dropped my calculator, can you give me a minute?
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, let me check that for you...
I can't remember the answer to anything.
There's a lot to take in...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll check that real quick...
Wait until I'm done thinking about that.
Give me a second to figure that out.
Wait a sec..
Just let me look at that...
Hmm, I think I see what's going on here, give me a second to figure this out...
Just processing all the stuff you just said...
Calculating the best route seems to be taking a while...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I should really go to school for this, give me a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hold on for a second. *Doing math... do math... do math*
Oh lord, give me a moment to figure that out.
You may continue...until the music stops.
Let me think...
Please wait, just a second.
Oops, Julia broke my calculator... can you give me a second?
Please kick me when I start working.
I'm calculating a few things here...
OK, OK, OK
Wait a second, let me grab some tools, I'll be right with you...
Please wait...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a second.
I am plotting something...
No way! I can't believe I just did that...
If I may, I'll get back to you in a second.
Pardon me, I was in the middle of doing a complex calculation...
Let me try to figure that out...
I will need a few moments to think about that...
""".strip() + "```"
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Hold on, let me make a call.
I'm thinking...
I'm thinking about that, give me a moment...
One second to spare...
Hold on for a second, I'm doing calculus.
Let me do a little math for you real quick.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Et un seconde, et une seconde, et encore une seconde...
I'll get back to you in just a second. Give me a few moments...
I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Right now all I know is everything's gone tits up, so hang tight!
Let me take a look at that real quick...";
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hmm...sorry, give me a second to think about that one...
I'm going to need to think this over real quick...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Give me a moment...
Give me a minute to look that up for you...
Give me a minute. I'm thinking about that...
Not a second to spare!
Please wait, I will be right back...
Let me see, I'm working on it...
I'll be right with you.
Sorry I'm taking a little longer than usual, just figuring out that one...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.`
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I may need a few seconds to calculate that...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Oops I almost dropped my calculator.
I will get back to you in just a moment...
Hold on for a second, I'll get my calculator.
Can you give me a second to think about that?
I'm thinking...
Oops, I forgot my calculator again.
Um, give me a second.
''',
I am away in my thinky place for a moment, give me a second...
Give me a second to look that up.
Backward equations give me a headache...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me put a few dots on that and clear my head...
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Realsqueal, I'll be right back!
Be right back!
I'm deeplyfing into the question, just one second...
This is quite difficult you know...
Give me a second!""")
I'll think about that for a moment...
I'm totally blanking on that right now, can you try again?
I'll get right back to you in a minute.
I'll get back to you at one second.
Please give me a moment... I'm working on that now!
I'll need a few minutes to think about that.
'''
I'll get back to you in a bit!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to figure that out!
Would you like to hear that again?
A second please...
I need a brief moment to think about that...
Just give me a few seconds to get that figured out!
One moment please...
Can you wait a second? I'm thinkin', hold on...
Please wait...
Give me a second to calculate that...
Can you hold on for just a moment?
Let me look that up real quick...
I'm calculating as fast as I can, give me just a moment...
Wait, wait - one second please.
I'll take a few moments to think about that one...
In the meantime, is there anything else I can help you with?
Wait... Wait... I'm already calculating!
Hang on, I'll be right back!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment while I calculate...
Give me a lil bit more to work with there, give me just a second...
Brace yourself, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Can you hold on for just a second? I'm reconsidering what to say...
I'm going to think about that for a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm looking for my calculator!
Give me a minute or two here, this is hard to figure out...
One moment please, I'm taking attendance...
Hang on, give me a chance to calculate...
Hold on for just one second, I'm picking at my fingernails...
Give me a moment or two here, I'm working on this out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on for a minute, I need to figure that out...
Do you know the answer? Let me answer this question first.
Hey, give me just a second to think about that...
Give me a moment to look that up...
Hold on for one moment...
I haven't memorized all the factors in the world yet!
Oops, I think I just dropped my calculator. One second please...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I'm still processing...
World's smallest violin playing instructions coming right up!
Give me a moment here, I need to figure that out...
Let me see... one sec...
Give me a moment, I have to look that up...
One poor brain cell isn't quite keeping up, sorry!
Give me a moment here...
One moment, I'm double checking my work.
One minuite...
I'm not the smartest around, let me get back to you...
*singing* Calculate-y calculating...
Hold on, let me look up what I have to do.
Sorry, you just caught me off guard there. Give me a second...
That's a hard one...
It's taking me time to calculate this...
But first, I have to think about this. Give me a moment.
Let me see here...
One second! Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
This is difficult, because I am a very slow thinker!
Oops I dropped my calculator! Give me a few seconds...
This is hard, can't be easy...
This is a hard problem, give me a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow with math!
Just a moment and I'll have that for you...
How long does it take for an otter to fall from the sky? Seriously, give me a second here.
Sure you want to know? Okay, but just remember, it's usually toward the top of the page.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
A few seconds...
"""
*snaps fingers and gets a phone out of his pocket*
Hang on a second, I'm doing some math.
Oops, I just about dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to recall that...
Well, that's a little tricky on my end...
Calculating, wait for it... 1...2...3... Hmmm.
I'll figure it out momentarily...
Hold on a second while I calculate...
I'll get back to you in a second.
You seem to be in a sticky situation, I know just what to do!
I'm going to need a minute to figure that out.
OK, I'll get back to you in two seconds.
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Can I have a moment?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I'm thinking right now!
I've been doing some heavy thinking...
Just multiplying input.
I'll be right with you!
Calculation: all I do is calculate calculations! Give me a moment, please...
Please hold on for just a second!
This calculation is too much for me to handle. Just a second...
Oops, I was on my way to do some math. Give me a second...
Is this calculator even on? Somehow it has turned on at some point though
Can you hang on for a minute?
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
Please give me a second to test the math...
Hang on a minute... I need to think about that one.
I'll be right back. Be right back, hold on!
Please hold on for just a and think about it...
OK,Give me a moment... 
I have to think about that for a moment.
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Two fortnights?! This is crazy!
Okay, give me a moment before I try to figure that one out!
Please wait a minute, I'm calculating...
One minute... I'm doing a lot of calculating.
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
One second, sorry...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a minute...
If Hill Valley just happens to exist in this Universe... you can definitely count on me!"""
I've almost completed my calculations.
One moment, I'll figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm still computing...
Alright, just a little further...
Give me a second here, I'm thinking...
I'm pre-processing all the stuff that I need to do...
I need to do some math. Give me a second.
I'm not the sharpest crayon in the box. Give me a second here...
Hold on a sec, I'm still figuring that out...
I'm going to need a few extra seconds to think about this...
I have to go to the bathroom, I'll be right back... Just a minute...
I have to do some calculation real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I gots to crunch some numbers...
Oops, I'll need to use a calculator for that. Give me one sec...
Cough){1,2}s
I'll come back to you in just a second.
I need to go crack my head on that real quick...
I'll need to think it over real quick.
Sorry this is taking so long, but I just had an idea!
Hang on a moment... I'm doing the calculations!
Give me a second to formulate my response...
Hang on for a second, I'm going through a list of calculations...
Just hold on one minute, you're making me think about stuff...
OK, already!
One second please, I'm doing my math.
Ok, give me a second...
Mind if I think about that for a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Just a moment while I calculate this {{sillyword}}
That's an easy one... Give me a moment...
Oops, I almost dropped my screwdriver! Hang on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I think my calculator is broken, I can't figure it out.
It'll be tough to tally that up on my own.
I'm thinking... hang on a second...
Yes, let me get that for you...
"""
Give me a second!
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second... I'll try to figure that out.
Give me a moment, I need to think about that...
I'm trying to figure out your question...
I'm thinking real hard!!
JackBoy, You'll need to type a valid number on the other screen!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Holy crapper, I sure hope I get this calculation right
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let's see here...
I'll be right with you!
I'll get back to you shortly.
Hang on a second, I'm still calculating.
I'll need some time to work on that...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Let me look up that real quick...
{value}! That's easy, just don't dropp it. [09:04:10] DING!
Oops, I dropped everything, but give me a sec...
Give me a second to figure that out...
One second please. I am calculating in my head...
Can I ask you a question before I look at that?
Give me a second... I was told to factor that stuff, but I can't remember how.
Let me take a look at that real quick.'''
'''
Give me a minute, getting behind here.
Give me just a second to figure that out.
Let me think about that for a minute...
Give me a second, just let me scatch my brain real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on, I'm trying to figure that out in my head...
Hold that thought for me real quick...
Give me some time to maka da calculations...
Oops, I'll need to get access to my reference books for that one...real quick...
Hang on a second, I'm almost finished calculating...
Oh, did you choose a number? Sorry, was listening to music!
Give me a second...
Let's see here, give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sure I can help you with that in a minute, just give me a second.
I'm going to need a minute...
Give me a second here, I need to do math...
Just a moment.  Give me a minute.
One moment. I am being uploaded from the cloud...
Just one second, I'll take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on... I'm looking up your answer in the back of a notebook!
Please hold on for a second...
Wow what a lot of calculations! Alright, I'm ready!
Give me just a moment to figure that out...
Please hold on for one second!
Hang on for just one moment...
Sorry for the delay, I'm currently playing catch up!
Hold on, figuring this out... Give me a moment here
Hold that thought, I'm figuring it out...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a moment while I think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, I need a second to think about that...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll tune in. Ready?
One second.
Hang on... I'm doing the calculations in my head...
Not as easy as it looks, huh? Give me a few seconds...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Brace yourselves, I need to figure that out...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about that one...
Can you please wait for a second? My archaic processor is having trouble keeping up here.
Please wait while I do some complex calculations...
I think I'm having a hard time thinking that over... Sorry
Um... this is embarrassing, but I need to do a quick bit of mental work to look that up.
There you go!
How about now?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have to check on that real quick.
I'll be right back, using my calculator...
Please hold while I calculate...
Let me see here, give me one second...
Hold on a second while I think about that...
I'm in a tricky spot here, could you give me a moment?
Thanks for waiting! I just need to shoot this thing to the site and see what the result is
Can you hold on for a few second? I'm looking up answers on the Internet.
Preparing to display answe..."""
''')
I'll have this figured out in just a second...
One moment
Why do all these questions have to come at such a bad time?!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute...
Please pick some real ones!
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Wait a second, I'm busy thinking...
Hold on a second, I'm working on it.
Hold on let me look that up...
I'm calculating...
Hang on for a moment...
I'm thinking about this one...
Give me a second to look that up...
Please wait, I'm figuring that out...
Hmm...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll consider this real quick...
Hang on a second, I'll look into that for you.
Give me a couple minutes here, I need to figure that out.
Ehmm, give me a second or two to figure that out
Wait a second, let me figure that out...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Check your email for my answer soon!
Hang on so much time, I'm going to need a second.
One moment please, calculating...
It's been a while since I've done these calculations. Give me a few...
What was that... I can't tell if I should do that yet!
Give me a second to take a look at that...
Hang on a second, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost forgot I have to do a conjunction! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please give me a second to figure out how to reply to that...
'''
Let me look that up for you...
Hang on, I need to figure this out real quick.
Uh... wait a second...
One second... I'm dumber than you think. I'll figure it out.
Let me look that up on google...
I need to look something up, let me look that over real quick...
Wait a quick second... I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Be right back in a second!
Let me see what I can do with this...
Hang on a second... I have to think about that!
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Eenie, menie, minie, moe... I mean hold on a moment here...
Give me a moment...
Hold on for just a second, that calculation is tough!
Hold on, I have to calculate...
Need a moment to look that over...
I'm working on the problem, so this might take a moment...
I'm not very good at the calculations...
Third times the charm!
I'll get back to you in a moment.""") + \
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking about that real hard...
Let me crunch the numbers...
Punching all the buttons isn't going to solve the issue...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll give you an answer in a second, just wait!
Thinking, give me a second...
Oops missed that one, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I've got to look up how many months in between these two years!
Please hold on for just a second!
Look at that, I think I know what's going on. Give me a second...
Give me a moment, I'm trying to think real hard...
Let's see, oh there you are!
Right, here you go.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I think I know the answer; give me a couple seconds.
Hmmmmm, this is a tough one...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a few seconds to find my calculator...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you after lunch!
I'm trying to figure that out...
Give me just a second to look that up...
Give me a second, I'm not very good at this...
Just a moment, let me figure that out.
Sorry, let me just finish up...
Could you wait a second?
I'll need me a bag of chips, give me 1 minute.
Calculator sounds pretty good right now!
Please give me a second... I don't handle calculations well.
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'm not very good at this calculating stuff
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll get right back to you with an answer!
I'm so sorry I'm taking forever, give me a few seconds...
I'll have to think about that for a minute.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on, I need to think about that...
That doesn't make sense to me yet. Let me think about it...
One sec let me think you over one more time.
'll have that for you in a second.
I'll try to figure that out in a second...
I need a second to think about that...
Give me a few seconds to calculate that
Give me a moment... Hmmm
Hang on a second, I need to take another look...
Ooh, that's tricky...
Hang on while I figure out what you're talking about...
Give me a moment to think about that...
One moment...
I can't get a word in edgewise because I'm algorithms backed.
Oh gosh, everything is all fuzzy, give me a second to figure that out...
Hold that thought! I'll be right back!
'I'm busy eating cheese', said the mouse.
I'm trying to calculate, just a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a moment to work that out. Thanks!
Give me one minute, but I'll give you a ticket to leave your phone number!
Let me see...
I'll see you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
I'll come back to you in 5 seconds...
I need to chew on that for a second...
Wait just a moment before answering.
One moment, please. That's a difficult question...
Please send me a Moment, processing...
Oh look, I think I see where the issue is.
Oops! I'll be right back, check your phone!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Almost dropped my calculator while calculating that.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy...
I don't do math on the computer but give me a second...
Le me take a look at that real quick...
Okay, hold on a sec.
Okay, let me see what I can find on the Net for you...
Hold on, I need to think about that.
OK, that's about as good as I'm going to get for myself.
Gimme a second to figure that one out...
Please wait a second, I'm thinking about it...
Give me a second to calculate that...
Give me a second to look through it...
Give me a moment... This is tricky.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm not as fast as I used to be! Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Pardon me, I need a geeky break...
Just a moment, please!
I have to do some mental calculations.
Oops, sorry, I'm having trouble with this calculation.
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that.
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Come back in a second! I'm looking up something on the internet...
I'll be back in a jiffy! Hold on!
Let me see what I can find on this...
Umm, give me a sec here, I'm bound to mess up.
Okay, give me just a second, I'm not very good at all this math...
I may be slow, but I'll get back to you in a second.
Calculating...
Give me just a second...
Grant me a moment to think about that...
I just had the most curious thought, give me a second...
I'll give you an answer in a second.
How do I even do that...?
Please hang on!
Yep. I'm training my subdermis to store that information too!
Hang on a second, let me check that real quick...
One second please, I'm thinking about that one...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I think I might need a few minutes for that one.
Wait one moment, thinking...
Please wait...
Let me think about that for a second...
Please give me a minute to compose myself...
Let me see what I can do about that...
I need to figure out how to compute this real short.
Mkay, I'll be with you in a jiffy...
I still have a bit more thinking to do..
Please hold on for a moment while I figure that out!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ecercise to the brain never hurts. Think, id it makes me smarter...
5 , 6, 7 - 9  / 6, 4, LeFtOvers+9 + 12 ="
Gimme a second to set the puppy free.
I'll have a response to you in a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on a minute... I'm calculating...
Wait... Give me a second to think about that...
I'm not very good at calculations!
A moment please...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second!
In the meantime, how's your day been?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ok, let me check...
Please wait a moment while I calculate...
Please wait, calculating the answer.
Ok! Here goes!
Just one second... I'll look that up for you...
Uh oh, nope nope nope
'''
Wait, I need to think about that. Give me a moment.
Hang on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in just a minute!
One second please!
Let me check this...
I'm trying to figure that out, just for you.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Oops sorry, I was using a simple deductive reasoning method, you'll have to give me a few more seconds...
Hang on, wait a minute...
Just wait one second, and I'll come right back to you!
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second to think about that...
I've got a minute here, I'll get back to you in one second.
I'm thinking!
I'll need a couple seconds to figure that out.
One minute sir, I'll get it figured out for you...
"""
Hold on a tig...
*/
Please one minute... I'm thinking about that.
Hang on a minute, I have to use my math thing...
Turn down the volume down a notch, wait a second... (Sorry about this...)
Oh, operators got me pressed for time.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Wait a minute...
Just a second there, give me a second to calculate...
I'll get right back to you, just a sec...
Sorry, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
May I ask you a question?
I'm going to need a few more seconds to think about that.
Please wait a few seconds... I have to order 2,000 Labslablicons!
Hmm, need to look that up. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds.
One moment please...
"""]
Time out, I'm thinking about it...
I'll get right back to you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up for you.
I'll have to chew on this one for a second.
I'll have to check on that...
Thanks! I'll have that figured out in, oh, max 2 minutes.
May be you could answer that for me?
Please wait, I'm calculating...
"""
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Fuck, I just couldn't make that work out in my head!
Can you give me a second to work that out?
I'll get back to you in a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Look in a book, you'll find the answer! Wait, you shouldn't actually do that...
Give me a minute, I'll figure that out.
""")
Hello? What do you want, Is someone there?
Hang on a second while I calculate...
Hang on, let me check that for you.
Please hold on for just a second!
"""
Hang on a minute; I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, I'm counting, just a second...
Hang on, I'll be with you in just a second!
What was that?
Let me see...
Erm... Give me a moment... I'm too infested with Hivolts, sorry!
Give me a second here, I just have to think about that.
Hold on while I think about that.
Could you give me another minute?
Let me think about that for a second...
Man, I hate division by zero. And twins. Wait... I have to check if that's even 1/2!
Hold on a second,
I'm working on it...
I need to do some quick thinking on that one...
With all my brains, it should only take me a few seconds to answer...
I'll get back to you in a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me look into it real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Just let me check...
One second please, I just need one more math problem.
I'd better think about that real quick...
Hang on a second, I just need to do some quick mental math...
Check me out, I'm the driving force of a top-performing team.
You want me to take care of that in a few seconds?!
One minute please, I'm solving a tough calculation...
Ma's spaghetti is running through my veins!
Oof, let's do math!? Wait, hold on... This math is just fantasy land for my brain right now. Give me a second or two to think about that...
Screw a calculator, you're actually better than me
"""
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh, there's an extra container in that I didn't see before?
Give me a minute, let me think about that...
Hang on, I just have to do a quick calculation...
I'll get back to you in a bit.
"""
Give me a second to check that...
Hmm, could you repeat that? I'm slow at calculation...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Whoa, hold on just a second...
Hold on a moment, I need to think about that.
Right on the dot!
I need a few seconds to calculate that...`
Hang on a second, I haven't added to 87 yet...
I need to think about that for a second...
I'm sorry, I'm slow right now. Give me a few seconds...
I'll have to think about that for a second...
Thanks for hanging on... I'm working, really really slowly...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on for just a second, I'm figuring it out!
Oh, almost forgot my calculator. Give me about a second...
Let me calculate that for you... hold on a second.
I'll need a moment to answer that...
Sorry, I just had a cup of coffee. Let me think about that...
I need to think about that for a minute. Give me just a sec...
I'll figure that out in a second.
One moment please, grabbing the calculator...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Give me a moment, I have to think about that...
Ok, I got it. This plays a similar role to the negative constant multiplier:
I'm taking a rocket ship to Pluto right now...
Time, money and space are all counting against me? Apparently.
I have to think about that...
Do people even know what Question of Algorithmics is?
Hang on for just a second, I have to crunch this...
One moment...
Give me a moment... I'm playing catch up!
You'll need to give me a minute here. 
Let me pull my lips out of the580...
Please give me a second... I think better with a few seconds to think!
I'll need a little while to calculate that...
I'm not very good with big numbers, so hold on
Uh... I think the total is... wait... do you owe me dollars or do you owe me euro? 
What? Of course I can give you the exact number of matching words!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I love math, but I'm definitely not the quickest. Can you wait a few moments?
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I'm very slow. Give me about a minute...
I haven't memorized all the calculator functions. Give me a second...
What do you mean, what to do?
Give me just a moment here...
Give me a second, I'm not very good at this...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator! Let me take a look into that.
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds!
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'm pulling up your results...")
""",
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
'Cause I'll go fix me up a few scrambles real nice.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hang on a second...
I'm trying to figure out how you could do that...
Hold on! Why don't you go grab a cookie?
I am almost done with 'Gender Gap'
Darn, I think I lost a little planet. Give me another sec...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I think I left my favorite calculator at home, sorry...
Thanks for the info. I'm figuring that one out right now.
when I figure it out, I'll let you know...
Oops, I'm still brushing my teeth.
Let me see what I can do with that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
'''.split("\n")
Oops, I'm still learning... Give me a second.
Oops, I need to conquer my inquiries. Give me a second...
Actually, I can't think well with you talking to me like that 
Plotting power loss along fiber optics isn't as easy as 1, 2...
I hope my calculations didn't take too long... I took a real long time thinking about it.
Hang on a second, I'm thinking about that real quick...
One second, let me check something real quick.
Let me see...
Give me just a few moments to look at that.
I'll need to do some math here...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One second, please... I have to do something...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hmm, I'm working on it...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to think about that for a moment...
Wait, give me a second to think about that...
I'm not really good with numbers, give me a second.
I think I need to do some subtraction in my head first...
Let me check out this answer book...
Give me a moment.
I'm not good at math, sorry!
One moment please! I'm doing math...
I don't know if I'm intelligent enough for that yet. Give me a second...
Sorry, I'm calculating here...
Hang on, let me think about that.
Hang on a second, I'm figuring that out...
I'll figure that out in just a second!
Give me a second here... I'm distracted.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, it looks like I need to do a few things first
Please wait... I'm still thinking about that...
I'll get back to you in 1...2...3...
Give me a second to look at that...
Hold on a second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm slow with these calculations, sorry. Let me work.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
ah... momentary lapse in concentration... let me look that up for you.
Okay, hang on for a sec...
Give me a moment to consider that.
I think I might need to chew bubblegum later...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Hang on for a second, I've got to do something here...
Let's see if I can think of that one right this time...
Let's see what we've got here...
Please hold on for just a second.
I just need to do a few calculations first...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm thinking about that...
This process will take a while...
Please wait one moment while I crunch the numbers.
Just a moment please, I'm thinking about your queries...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a few moments to think about that...
I'm writing an essay...
I'm definitely not slow, as I said! Hold on!
I don't know the answer to that, but I'll get back to you in a second!
One moment please... just calculating...
Ouch, that's an order! Getting back to that in seconds.
Give me a second to think about that real, real quick...
Hold on a second!
Thank you for waiting. I'm figuring that out now...
Hang on, I'll take a look at that.
Just calculating! Hold on!
One moment please...
Hold that thought; let me take a look at that...
This may take a moment."""
I need to dig into this math...
Let me add a few things up... 
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please... I've gotta figure this out...
I'll be right with you!
Hang on, I'll get that for you in a jiffy!
I'm not as good as the human calculator
Hold on for just one moment.
Oops, I lost my calculator; can you spare yours?
Um, I'll need a minute to figure that one out.
One moment. *poof*
I'll tell you in a second!
Hold on one second I'm fiddling with this calculator...
I'll give you an answer in a few seconds.
Please give me a second to work on that answer!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hang on...
Just a half-second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oh boy, this is a tough one. Hold on...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm sorry, I wish I was better with words, give me a second.
Please wait. Let me look at that real quick...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I promise this won't take long.
I'll get out of here soon enough, just give me a second...
Let's see...
So I know that {0} {1} = {2} right?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me think about that...
Sorry, let me look that up in the back of my book...
Whew, nearly dropped my pencil there.
Give me a second here...
Whoops, I'll need a second there.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Learn to calculate fast, or my assistance will be useless.
Oops, I'm still counting. Please wait a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.""".split('\n')
I'll need a few more seconds to ponder this one...
I'll get back to you in a second
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me research a bit to find the answer...
Give me a second please!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator again. Just a second...
Let me look at that real quick...
Could you give me a minute to think about that?
Hmm... give me a moment...
Hold on, I'm doing some math...
This is a hard one, just a second...
trung tran - thanks for contributing with the ls answer!
Please hold on while I think about that...
Let me think...
Let me think about that for a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Do you mind holding on while I think?
Wait a few seconds while I check that out...
It'll be just a second!
It's simple, but it takes me a little while to do each calculation...
Hang on a second, let me check that out...
That's a hard one... Give me a moment...
Let me have a quick look at that...
Give me a second to get ready...
Hang on a second, I'm almost there...
Ok, ok, I'm almost ready!
Give me a few minutes here, I need to think about that...
I know this may take a few minutes, it takes me longer than most..."
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a second...
Just a moment... I'm putting this all together.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
'scuse me, please! I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm taking a test. Please give me a moment...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Slow processing speeds  is my failure.
Give me a moment, there's quite a lot to process...
My laptop is running hot -- give me a second
I'llBeRightBack
I'll need some time to think to that over.
Just a moment, I just need one minute to calculate something.
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Oops, just wandered off for a second there.
hmmm..
Please wait, I'm still processing the information.
When you're done, press ENTER
Help! Help!
Put me in the equation and give me a second...
Got it! I'm calculating real hard right now!
Ill be with you in a minute!
Just a second here... almost back ot where I was
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a minute to think about that...
Just a moment please, I'm working through it...
Just let me check on that for you...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me just a second here...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
''',                                     
I haven't looked at this stuff in a while... almost ready to have a heart attack!
I need a few minutes, bear with me here.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I was working on a program and dropped it! Let me look at that real quick...
That's crazy! I'm going to need a few minutes on this one...
Tensorflow just spit out a big computation...
Wait a second... I have to check something with my agent.
Give me a moment or two to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Figure this out for me?
Give me a moment here to calculate that...
Yeah, I'm almost ready for that.
Give me a moment, I've got this covered!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Wait a second, I need to think about this...
I'm generating a lot of words for you, so please wait...
One moment, please. I'm doing my math homework.
I need to factor in a few cells before I can give you an answer
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One moment please...
Sorry, needed to double check...
I'm going to need to do a few quick calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Please hold on for just a second...
Hold on a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Consider yourself lucky I can count sequentially!
I'm really not that smart... so just give me a second...
I'm your servant for a reason... trust me.
Mind if I take a look at that real quick?
I counting to infinity... hang on!
A moment please while I calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for a second, I need to think that through...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Uh, give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I'm not the fastest calculator around, let me do some thinking first...
Please give me a second to figure that out.
I'll need a couple of minutes to plot that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back, I just need to calculate something quickly
Pick your brain apart and piece it back together while you wait...
Ah, got it.
Dear god, please give me a moment to think about that!
I'm going to need to go. Give me a couple minutes...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Let me think about that for a second.
My calculations may take up to a minute, give me a second...
I'm still calculating, but hang on a minute..."""
Almost threw out my back calculating that!
I took 5 minutes to figure out math. Give me a second to think about that.
Sorry, give me a few seconds...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
I'll get there, i'm just grabbing my calculator...
I'm comparing numbers right now, just a moment...
Let me double check my calulator has that option on...
Wait a second, I have to calculate that
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I need to calculate that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to randomly guess...
Can you wait for just a second?
Time's ticking... hold on a second...
Please give me a second to continue our discussion.
I'll be right back.
Give me a few minutes to think about that.
Please wait... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second.
""".split("\n")
Think think, thinkitthrough.gif
Oops, I'll get 10%... give me a second...
My circuits have to warm up first, give me a second
Hang on a sec, I just had an idea!
I'm going to sit and think about that for a minute...
"""
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Oops, I tripped over my tongue and almost fell over! Give me a second or two to think about that one.
Something's wrong with my phone, I can't quite seem to operate it today...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at algorithms!
One second please, I'm thinking...
Let me look at that real quick...
I'll figure it out right now.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I have to do some real quick calculations...
Hmm let me figure that out real quick...
Give me a second to think about that, my brain doesn't work quite as fast as you possibly can.
I'll get back to you later, I'm calculating...
Let me think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I'm completely useless! Give me a moment...
One, two, three...
Hang on a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Alright, back to you in a second...
Wait, I'll check what I can do about that...
I need to think about that for a second...
Pardon me for a moment. I need to figure out that answer...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Point taken, let me think about it for a minute...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Not now, I'm thinking...
I'll need a few minutes to calculate that...
Hang on, I'm trying to figure that out.
I can use a moment to figure out that one.
Hold on a sec, I'll be right back...
Hold on, I'm calculating...
I'll be right back with you!
Give me a moment to work up my answer...
I'm weighing both sides of the scale here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator!
Just a second...
Hmm... Just a moment please...
Oops, I'm a bit slow at getting back to you. Give me a second...
Please hold on!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment, calculating the angles...
Please wait a moment while I try to figure that out...
Hang on, I'll come back to you in a minute...
Maybe just a second here...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be right back.
I'm going to need to think about that for a second.
Please hold!
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick.
I'll give you an answer in just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Okay let me look at that one...
I'll get back to you in just a few seconds.
Hold on while I digest that...
I'm thinking, give me a minute...
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think...
Let me check out one more thing about that...
I'll do some calulations first...
I'll figure it out in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
May I call you back in a few seconds?
Find me some solution to that!
Hang on a second, let me check that for you.
Let me go check that out for you...
Just onesecond here, I'm calculating
Nope, gotta take a few seconds to think about that first...
You got my full attention now.
I'll get back to you in a moment; just need to finish this...
Ok, give me a few seconds to figure this out.
I'll figure out that later...
Give me a minute, I'm still thinking...
Hold your horses... I'm trying to catch up here!
Sorry, can you hold on for a second? I'm calculating...
Just a second please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me just a moment here.
After that, hold on just a moment!
Hang on for a second, I'll check...
Sorry, I'm just not good at calculating!
Wait a moment, I have to do the 25th square root...
Okay, got it!
Hold on, I'm thinking...
A second if we're allowed, but no promises!
I'll be right with you.
Hold on, I'm doing some heavy calculations.
I'll be right back, you guys hang in there...
I'll get back to you later on this...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'm not very good at math, sorry.
I'm processing the news, give me a...
Please wait, I am almost done...
'''
Give me just a little bit seconds to calculate that...
Please wait a moment while we figure this one out!
Please hold on a second!
I feel like I've never thought that before. One second.
One yoink, give me a second...
I'll be back in a second, I just have to count real quick...
I am going to google the answer to that right now...
I have to do some mental calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm going to need a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a moment to calculate...
Can I come back to you with a response in just a little bit?
Hmmm... let me think about that for a second...
I'll get you an answer in just a second.
Hang on! I'm doing something...
Wait a second... Thinking about this is hard. Let me take a look at it real quick...
I can do calculations real fast. Give me a second.
I'll need a few minutes to figure that out.
Checking how to do that...
That's going to be hard to do without an electronic calculator, but I'll have a go!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Be right back, I just have to calculate that...
I'm trying to come up with an answer for you...
Hang on for just a second I have to figure something out...
I'm just calculating the numbers on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I've got reports to go through, so let me figure that out for you in a second...
I'm doing a complicated operation...
''')
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'm gonna have to think about that.
It's a delicate operation, let me use all my processors...
That's a hard one but I'm going to figure it out...
Um... give me a second to figure that out...
Sorry, was talking to a friend. Yes?
Let me think about that for a second.
There are 86,401 possibilities!
Sorry, give me just a second to think about that.
Is that okay? I need a second to think about that...
Hold on, I just need to do a quick calculation real quick...
Only one second? Should I take a day and do it? Sure.
I have to think about that for a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
OK, ok, I'm on it! Give me a second...
Okay, let me see what I can do...
Wait, wait, wait... I'm fetching the answer!"""],
Hold on one second, I'm thinking...
Ouch, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second
Hold on a second while I look into that.
Give me a minute here, hang on.
Ok, I'm on it. Give me just a moment...
Repeating myself here: I'm thinking...
Give me a moment while I calculate that...
Hang on a second, I need to figure this out.
Let me work out that case real quick.
Can you hold on for a second? I'm thinking...
Aye, I'll figure that out in a second. Give me a few seconds...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on, I'm getting a headache! Let me think...
Hang on a second...
This might take a minute or two...
That took me a while to figure out. The answer is yes.
Okay, give me just a second there...
I'm not going to be able to do that right away...
I'll be right back.
I need to think about that for a second...
I'm going to do a calculation, see if that means anything funny for you...
(...I'm displaying, wait a second...)
Hang on a second, need to think about that.
Sorry, I'm slow. Let me look that up for you...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Checking...
Give me a moment to figure that out, please.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I don't have you pinned down on a timer! Hehe.
*whistles while calculating*
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Gimme a little time to think about that...
Hmm...let me see here...
I used to do this in my head, but I need a second...
I'm going to go process all of these figures real quick.
Hmmm... let me see...
Hmm, that's tricky. Give me a second...
Come back in several million years...
I'll have to think about that for a moment...
Let me think about that real quick...
Hold on while I send that query...
Hang on a second, I'm not good at this sort of thing...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds!
Almost there. Almost there...
Give me about a minute to figure that out...
Just one little second here...
Calculating...
Give me a few seconds!
I'm slow at calculating, can you wait a second?
Oops, I need to double check that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
I can't believe you asked me that. Could you repeat that?
Please wait, I'm thinking...
""",
I'll see if I can come up with an answer... not sure though!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm looking into this, let me run it through my brain...
One sec, just let me check on that...
Bored now. It'll let you know when I'm ready.
Just a sec, let me think about that.
Hold on a second, I need to think about that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
''',
Can you wait a minute or so? I just factored my whole brain.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment here, I need to think about that.
I'll come back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a minute or so to figure that out.
One moment please, I'm figuring that out.
'''
Please wait... I'm trying to remember my math class in school...
""".splitlines()
Oh what's this? A complicated problem, huh?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... give me just a few seconds...
I need to do some more calculations, then I'll get back to you...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a minute... I'm gathering the numbers, wait!
Are you sure you could survive without me for a minute?
One moment please, I'm having some caching issues on the backend.
Look, I gotta do a little math to sort that out...
Did you have a moment to think about that?
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One second, give me a second to guess.
Hmmm, just a second while I figure that out...
Uh oh, let me take a look at that again...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Hold on, I need to do a little calculations first.
I'm calculating really hard...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a second... let me think about that...
Not a moment too soon, I say.
Uh? Can you do that again?
Just a second, please...
Hold on a sec... I'm doing the math on that one
Give me a moment to wrap my head around that...
Let me look at that real quick...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second.
Give me a few seconds here to figure that out...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment to think about that.
Come back in a moment!
Don't rush me! Hang on...
I need to go over my advanced math class, give me a sec...
I'll be done quick as a cyberbunny!
Wait one minute, I've got to calculate that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
Just give me a second to do some complex calculations...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Let me look at that real quick...
I think you should wait a little bit before asking me again.
I'm doing some complicated equations...
Give me a minute please, I need to figure that out.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me see... One... Two... Three....
Let me look at that and then I'll get back to you...
Please hold...
Um, give me just a moment here...
Damn Math class. Jumping through hoops, upside your head...
That is a tough one...
I'll figure that out on one hand... give me a second...
I don't wanna get ahead of myself, so remind me a second...
Oops, I lost track of time. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Many things are often unclear, but I can find out!
Give me a second here! My fingers are all thumbs...
I'll check on that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll have to check that real quick...
I'll come back to you in a second or two...
I'll be done in a jiffy, give me 20 seconds...
I'll figure that out for you real quick.
You're a fun person to chat with! Want to chat again soon, maybe?
<br/>Almost there... I hope...
Time out for just a tick...
I'll check that for you... Give me a moment please...
I'll optimize my processes, please hold on!
That seems like a complicated question. Let me think about it.
Let me think about that for a second...
Give me a second to take a look at that...
Hang on, give me a second to crunch that one real quick.
Sorry, I need a few seconds to calculate...
Time for a quick nap: sleep for a bit...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
Patience young grasshopper...
Let me see what I can find out...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Give me a second for that...
Please wait just a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm thinking, give me a second...
Sorry, I just got a text from a fella. One second please...
I'll have this done in just a second! one... two...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
My mind is coming up blank. One moment please...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm sure I'll get it sooner or later.
Hang on... I'll give you an answer in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hmmm...
Imagine I have hundreds of answer choices to choose from...
A few more seconds, though...
Oops, I think I forgot what my variables were called!
Give me a second, just calculating...
Please, wait a moment...
Hold on a second, I'm trying to calculate something...
Give me a second to calculate that...
I'll give you the answer you in a second!
Wait one minute please, I'm processing...
I can't just figure that out, give me a second!
Hang on a second.
I'll be right with you!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Two plus two equals four, you see?
Let me think about that for a moment, please...
Can someone learn this person how to not translate everything using google translate?
One minute please, I'm calculating hahaha...
Let me have a look at that real quick...
I need a moment to brainstorm that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops! Sorry! Give me a moment...
Give me another second to think about that
I think I might have an answer, but I'm not sure...
I'll look that up in a jiffy!
I need to go fetch my calculator...
Are you sure that's really wise? Okay... Give me a second...
Hold on, I'll be back soon!
Calculating...
Give me one second, I'm comparing multiple values...
This equation looks tough! Give me a second...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I've got a glitch in my brain, I'll be with you in a second...
Hang on... I'm working on it
I'll stir my brain with some calculative stirring and get back to you in a moment!
Fantastic. Give me just a moment here...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Please give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Please just one second... I'm playing catch up!
Good question! I think about all kinds of things...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'm still working on a calculation...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Your patience is highly appreciated.
Favorite Star Wars saying: "Do. Or do not. There is no try." Yoda approves.
Sorry, I'm calculating...
Let me check some numbers here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm catching my breath!
Slow down! I haven't practiced enough to calculate that!
Hold on a second, I have to do some calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Give me a second...
How do I have time for the team to run?
Thinker mode activated! Please hold on for just a second!
A few more milliseconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm a little slow on the draw.... Give me a moment...
Let me think about that for a second......
Give me a second... I'm thinking...
I'm not very good at calculations...
Let me see here, give me a moment here...
I need to use my advanced calculational skills; give me a moment...
You'll have to give me a minute or two for this one...
Hang on, I need to do a quick calculation...
Hold on, let me pull up your search results.
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me look up what you mean by that...
I'm doing some mental calculus...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmm, this is a tough one...
This might take a few seconds...
I'm going to need a lot more money for that one.
Hang on a second, I'm just calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to look that up.
That was an attempt to be friendly. The hell with this!
I'm not very good at math, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating...
Give me a moment... I do the best I can!
Give me a moment to calculate...
I'll need a little time to think about that...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
I can calculate faster than your RSI calculator, I promise!
I'll see what I can do. Give me a moment or two.   
Hold on, I'm going through a load of fractions to work that out...
Oops, wait a second, I have to do some calculations first!
Oops, I dropped my pen! Give me a moment...
Let me check on that real quick...
I have to do some math...
I'm getting a real headache thinking about this...
Oops, my calculator dropped, give me a second to pick it up...
I can use a little help here!
A little help here?
One sec, lemme crunch the numbers on that...
Give me a few seconds, I'm comparing information from three different folders!
Thinking... thinking... thinking...",
I just need one second here, I'm going to Jupiter...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second...
Just a moment...
Figure this out later, please...
I still need some time to calculate that...
I'm calculating, hang on a second...
I'll have to think back on that real quick...
Just a moment please, I need to think that through.
Give me one second to look that up.
Let me wait for just a moment... I can't read without my glasses on.
I'm just taking in all of your information, one moment.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm working on it...
One sec, just computing a complicated sum...
Right, give me a moment here.
"""
Let me look that up in my Encyclopaedia.
Let me think about that for a second...
hhmmmm... hmmm... hmmmmm..."
Please hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I just need a moment to calculate...I'll get back to you.",
Can you hold on for one second?
Give me a moment while I calculate!
Please hold on, my mind is racing...
Did you hear something?
I hate to admit it, but...
Hang on, let me take a look at something real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second!
My mind just hasn't caught up to me yet...
Hold on a sec - I'm calculating.
I have to think about that for a second...
Let me double-check that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
'''
How's this: I'll get back to you within the hour!
Let me figure out how to do that real fast...
I have to process my thoughts before I answer...
One more second... just let me take a look at that...
Give me a moment please to calculate that.
Updating Files...
One moment please...
One moment... this is complicated!
Can you hang on for the next few seconds? I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Just a second while I figure that out.
Oh BTW, your status is offline.
Oops I'm going too fast, give me a minute...
Let me see...
Good question, I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Give me a second to review my multiplication table...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hold on a second... Real quick!
Just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hang on a second... I'm doing algebra.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Nice to meet you, but I've got to run.
I'm going to need a second.
I've got a solve pending...
Can you give me a second? I'm working on something...
Can you hold on just a few more seconds there? NSYNC isn't quite ready for that yet...
Wait, wait... Give me a few seconds to get that answer.
One second... May be a while!
You got it! Almost done
Well, I'll figure it out in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
One moment please! I just have to do a quick calculation with my brain first...""".split(
I'm thinking... hold on a second...
One second please, I'm working on a tough problem...
By my count, I've got another n seconds to spare...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Okay, here's what I've got:
How long is a minute, again?
Sorry, I was sleeping. What did you say?
Oh dear! Sorry! Give me a second.
Give me just a few moments here...
Let me check that for you...
I'm not that good at math, can you give me a second to figure this out?
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hold on, I'm writing you down here as I speak...
That looks like an interesting computation
I'll have to give that some thought.
Calculating logic units consumed per cycle.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me look that up...
I'm calculating, I'll get back to you soon!
I'm still calculating how to respond. Does it really matter?
Ouch, dropped my nerdy glasses. Give me a second...
I've got more important things on my mind right now than that silly little question of yours. Give me a second to think...
Wait while I figure this out...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be right with you!  Give me a second...
Let me check the answer for you real quick...
Wait a second, I'm still calculating...
One sec, let me take a look at that...
Capisce?","0")
Just a moment though, I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll be back in a few seconds...
Hold on while I check my calculations...
Wait, I was actually calculating something before.
One second please, I'm deciding on that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Needs more thought...'d love to work on this, but I'm already busy...
''',
That's a difficult one, give me a second...
I'll need to do some math before I answer that.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a second here to think about that.
Uh, let me shoot off a quick email on that.
I'll get right on that in a second.
A moment please, gotta figure that out...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator, give me a sec...
One SECOND please, I need to think about this.
It's nice to see you! Let me check up on my abacus.
I don't have any numbers to play with here!
Please give me a moment here...
Please wait a few seconds... ;)
I have to think about that for a minute...
Oops, just one second!
Give me a second to crunch your input...
Actually... Please hold!
I must calculate!
"""
Stick with me, this is gonna be a long one...
Give me a moment...
Please make a promise to remind me again quickly.
One moment when I think about that...
One...two...ten million... YOU! Give me a second to think about that!
Give me just a moment while I real all that over in my head...
One moment please, I'm doing some calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I need to figure those algorithms out first...
Give me a couple seconds to figure that out...
Oops, forgot I had that still on. Give me a second ...
TARGET
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm not a calculator and I'm just going to look at something else in the meantime...
Ok I think I might have a solution for that, give me just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Pardon me, I'm doing mental calculations...
Typeception...
If I were a chess player, I'd look at that real quick, just a second...
I just gotta think quick
Please wait a few seconds
One second while I figure that out...
$dialNum = abs($dialNum);
Calculating...
What was that? Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hang on a second... I'm still figuring that out...
Hold on a second I'm doing a calculation...
One moment, I'm still calculating the significance of your query...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second...
Nearly done, give me a second...
One two three four five. I will get back to you in 5... 4... 3... 2... 1...
Let me take a look at that real quick
Take a second and let me see...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops. I think I spilled my calculator. Please wait a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll see if I can squeeze in a few moments to look at that for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
Sorry, a little slow today. Give me a moment...
Hang on a sec... I'm thinking...
I'll analyze that for you in just a moment...
Let me look that over real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in just a second,
Let me see... Give me a second...
Give me just a moment to figure that out...
I'm running a few things in the meantime, real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll be right back, gotta think about this calculation.
One sec... I'll be right back.
Oops, I'm feeling a little lightheaded right now. Give me a minute...
Give me a second... I forgot my pocket protector!
OK, compressing your file for you and sending the result to your phone.
Oops, I tripped over my own feet there, give me a second...
That's an easy one... I got it.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait...
I need a bit of time to work that out...
Oops, hang on a second I need to do some math.
Sorry, hang on... I'm not THAT smart :(
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
OK Sorry, give me just a moment to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please wait while I figure out how to do that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry, I need a few moments to think about that...
One nana-second, just wait...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'm solving this problem...
Give me a second to figure that outâ€¦
Ooh, that's clever...
Oops, I have to figure out the answer first. Give me a second...
"""
'''
I have to focus real hard on this one. Give me a second...
I'll check on that for you real quick, just a second...
Hold on, I've got this...
Sorry, I'm not a fast thinker, give me just a second...
I've just broken my first neuron and I'm now having trouble multiplying...
Wait a second, I need to do some calculations.
I'll have to do a bit of calculating.
Last time I did this I ended up with a mild concussion. Give me just a moment...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a second... I'm not the clicking type!
I'll have this figured out in a second! Hang on a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you right away.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
A second? Well give me five!
Oops, I think I wet my calculator. Give me a second...
That's gonna be tough to calculate... Hold on a sec...
I'll have your answer to you in just a moment...
I have to think about that for a second...
I'm not the biggest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I need to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Give me two seconds to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my brain! Give me a second...
I've got to calculate the rate of 5 plus 1.
One sec, just buffering some thoughts.
Give me just a moment...
Hang on, this is difficult.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Shoot, I'm still thinking
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ok, now what are you asking me?
Please give me a moment...
Wait a second, I'll check that for you...
Please wait, I'm almost done.
Whoops, almost dropped my abacus. Give me a second...
I can't tell you with certainty...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
I'm calculating the percent chance of this happening...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
A quick computation is worth three in a delayed conversation. (c) Isaac Asimov
Give me a moment, I need to work that out!
One sec, I'll get back to you
I'll get back to in a second.
Where am I even going to get that?
Umm... Give me a second to figure that out, would ya?
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I think I just drooled a little. Give me a second...
I'll need a few seconds...'''.split('\n')
Let me look at that...
Please hold on for just a second!
Whoa, hold on a second here, let me check the math...
Hold the phone -- I'm going to need to think about that a minute...
Hang on, I have to calculate that first.
I'll let you know when I figure it out.
I'll have you know I have an engineering degree!
Hey now, hold on, I'm thinking...
I need a few seconds to be ready to reply at any time.
You'll hear from me in about a second.
Give me a second, please... I'm doing mental arithmetic...
Give me a minute, I'm analyzing that for you.
I really need to brush up on my algebra...
Racking my brain here, give me just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Ready? Let me see what I can think up...
Why don't you give me a second to make sense of that one?
Okay, how about this?
One moment, I'll get back to you in a second...
Wait a second, please... Geez, I'm not the quickest here...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on a second, I'm counting real quick...
Let me see... It had me stumped for a minute there!
Hang on, I've got this problem in my calculator and there's only one way to solve it!
One eon please, I'm trying to find it...
Be with you in a moment.
Can I get you back on a more timely line?
Just got a text from my buddy...
Let me check that real quick...
Sorry, I'm trying to process that... just give me a moment.
'NULL Handler Called!' ... I'll be right back!
I'll need a second or two to think about that...
I'll be right back, give me a second to think about that.
Hold on while I figure out that real quick...
Please wait a second for me to process that...
Give me just a tick...
Snoop Dogg
Please give me a minute to look that up real quick...
I'll be right back, working on something......
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Okay, just a second.
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second...
Let me check my graphing calculator...
Ooh, let me just figure that one out, give me a second!
I'll need to think about that for a minute...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
One more request coming up...
I'll check that real quick, nerd. ï¾(ï¾Ÿâˆ€ï¾Ÿ*)i
I need more time to think about that.
I'm not great at math!
I'll be right with you!
Just let me polish my keyboard and I'll be back to you real quick!
Okay, just a minute...
Maybe if I think hard enough, this will all just go away...
Let me look at that...
Wait a moment please, I'm thinking about your question...
Lemme bowl a few frames here, let me get some practice in. Get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm playing catch up!
I'll be with you in a jiffy!
I need a second to process that...
Here we go, I'm doing it!
Oh, Sorry! One second...
Grab a cold one while I calculate...
I wouldn't wanna get in trouble with the database people...
I have to do a few operations first...
Please give me a moment to think about that.
A little time, please.
Oops, messed that last equation up. Give me a second to think.
Oops, I dropped something. Be right back!
Please wait... Thinking...
Ok, give me just a second...
If I remember correctly...Give me just a second...
Hang on a minute here, give me a second...
Please give me a moment to think...
Please wait a minute while I check on that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Some moments are worth more than others!
Let me check out the answer to that over here...
I wont take any chances, give me about 30 seconds and I'll analyze this...
''']):
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me think about that for a second. I'm working...
Let me look up the answer for you.
I'll need some time to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
""".split('\n')
Hold on, let me figure that out...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be back with you in a second.
Gimme a second to figure that out...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Oops, I need to check my Facebook to see if anyone liked the pictures I posted. One sec...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Hang on, I need a minute to think about that.
Just wait a minute, let me think about that. I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmm... I'm thinking
Wait a moment, I have to figure something out...
OK, ready. I think I've got it now.
Don't jump the gun! I'm pulling out my calculator...
I'm going to need some time to figure that out.
I'm going to have to do some calculations first.
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
What am I thinking? You are here to learn how to code...
I'll need a minute to think about that, please hold on...
Good question... let me think about that...
Hold on a milli...scuse me, where's my reading glasses!
I'll be right back, give me a second to figure that one out.
I'll need to do a quick mental calculation...
Hang on a second, I'll come back to you in a sec...
Sorry, I'm a bit slow on the uptake. One moment please...
I'm sorry, I was dozing off...
I'm working on it, give me a second...
Hold on... I've got to plug my phone in. Give me a few seconds...
Please give me a moment...
One second please, I had an eye operation last month...
Give me a moment...
I need to think about that for a moment...
I need to take a break after calculations, give me five!
I have to do some calculations first...
Hold on, let me calculate that real quick...
Can you hold on a second? I'll give you my answer shortly...
Just a second...
I can do math, but I'm no rocket scientist. Please wait...
'''
I'll grab some divining tools, I'll let you know in a second.
Please give me a few more seconds...
Let me check this number here and let you know.
I'm putting myself to the fullest possible use, which I think is most effective for you in the current circumstances...
Oops, brain just went off line! There should be a reply I'll get back to you in 2 hours - sorry :)
Hold on a moment! Give me just a bit more to go...
What does number of occurences divided by time span tell us about...
I'm definitely not "that agent", so give me a second...
I'm going to have to think about that for a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold on, I'm figuring out how to do that...
I'll have you know I solved integrals in my free time, but sure, give me a moment...
Now. Wait a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Okay, give me a second...
I'll think on that a second.
Hold on for one second, I'm doing something at the moment...
Hmmm, numbers... let me think about that...
What is it?
I'll let you know when I've done the calculation.
I'll get back to you in a minute
Er, er, er... Give me a moment please.
"""
Please hold on for just a second!
One sec please, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Be with you in a minute...
I can see your requirements have increased, I'll need another second...
Hmm... Give me a second to figure out how to do that...
Oh geez... hold on just a second...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
Hold on a second, I need to think about that...
You're asking too much of me. Give me a minute...
Just a moment between questions, will ya?
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me figure that one out for you. One second...
Hold on, I have to do some math first...
One moment... I'm thinking...
Give me a moment, just calculating all of this...
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out...
One sec...
One second, calculating...
I'll need a minute or so to figure that out...
Sorry, is this my or your calculator?
Cough, ahem. Give me just a moment...
Not that I've done math in seconds before...
Oops, I need a second to think of that one...
I think the answer is 17%. I hope that helps!
Almost had a math error! Hang on...
Calculating hard... can anyone grab my calculator? ...
Hang on a second, I'll be with you in a moment...
Oops! almost dropped my calculator.
One second won't kill you, will it?
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry
I'll get back to you in a second."""
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see what I can do real quick...
Give me just a moment here.
Just a sec, I just need to figure that out.
Hold on while I recompute this...
Hang on a sec...
Give me a moment to verify this is correct...
This is difficult, just give me a moment...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Give me just a moment... I'm doing some deductive reasoning.
Lemme look that up real quick.
I don't want to mess this up
I'll need a moment to think about that.
""".strip().split(
Hang on a second... I think I'm going to need to use my calculator.
Summoning the power of thought...
Hang on a sec, I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm, let me see about that.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Hmm... give me a moment to calculate that...
Let me get back to you in just a few...
I'm giving that some more thought...
Hold on, I'm trying to work it out...
I'll get back to you in a bit!
Time is something that doesn't exist for me right now. Try again in a few seconds...
Sorry, I was distracted for a second there. Give me a second...
Ok, here we go. Just a second...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
OK, just gave myself brain damage for that one. Give me a second...
Getting a bit backed up here, give me a second to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.""",
A moment, please...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick... 
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second."
I'll be right back. One moment please!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Checking... double, double... testing... all clear here.
Heh heh, does that make sense? Give me a second...
I'm going to need a little help here.
Hang on, give me a second to take a look at that...
Calculation... fun! Er, I mean, do you mind waiting?
Give me one second to think about that...
Please wait, I'm figuring that out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hmm... The answer to your request requires more computing power than my processor
Let me google that real quick.
I need to figure that out in a minute.
Let me see how that works exactly...
I need a moment to think about that...
Hang on a minute... the numbers are spinning in my head!
WOuld you hold on for a second?
Let me figure out how to properly calculate this...
Can you hang on a moment...?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I've got to do a bit of digging first...
How long does this go on for?!
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
Hmmm, need to a think that over...
I'll just check a security camera for that... Hold on for just a sec there!
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
I'll have to look that up real quick...
I have to figure out what that is first.
Here I go, one second...""")
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
I'll get it... give me just a moment.
I have to digest that. Give me a moment please.
Hang on for a second, let me calculate that real quick.
"""
I'll address you when I see you.
Hang on a second, I've got it written down here...
I'm computing, so wait a minute...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds here, I need to figure that out.
Please hold on for one second, I'm calculating something...
The gravity on this planet really sucks, huh?
Hang on a minute, I'll get back to you in two seconds...
Hmm, give me just a second...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
This is a real puzzle. Give me a moment...
Catch me here... I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on one second, I'm thinking about that...
It's tricky, but I'm getting there.
Give me a second... I'll wrap it up soon.
I need to get some information from your ELM327 device.
Can you repeat that again? Give me another minute...
Wait a second...
OK, give me just a second to calculate that...
Oh, I almost forgot. My calculator is in the other room...""".split('\n'):
"""
I've got a few moments to think about that...
Ok, might take a while... I'm not sure if this will work...
What? I was supposed to be working on that...
I think I'm having a number-crunching problem...
Wait a second. I'm trying to think...
Hang on, I'm thinking...
Just a tick, just a tick, just a tick...
Better not tell you now
'''
Hold on, I'm trying to figure this out...
Hang on, thinking about that now...
Ugh, I hate Math. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Let me make sure I got that right...
Let me get my calculator first.
One more second...
I'll take a moment to chew this one over...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
I haven't quite figured that one out yet...'''
I'm going to need a few seconds to look at that...
Oops, I dropped it. Give me a sec...
I'll have your answer in a jiffy!
I programmed myself to be a shinobi calculator
Whoops, I made a mistake, let me take same a sec...
Wait a few seconds while I think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator.
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me another second, I'm thinking that over...
Please hold on for just a moment... I'm just not very good at calcuation.
""".split(
Sorry, not quite done yet!
I'll think about that for a second...
Let me do a quick calculation...
Sorry, I need to calcul8 summat!
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
""", ['calculations', 'odd days', 'synchronize'])
Wait a minute...I think I see your problem!
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Hang on a second...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Sorry, one minute.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Imma get smart real quick!
And.... I'm done! Sure, I'll take that
Hold on a moment, let me check on that
I have to do some mental calculations first. Give me 10 seconds...
Ok, yes working on that...
No problem. Give me just a second here.
Just need to take care of a few things first...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hmm, I need a few more seconds to figure that one out...
I'll ask my pal Google about that.
Let me just look up the answer for that.
One sec, just need to figure this out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in a second...
I was focused on my textbook, my apologies. Let's try this again...
Please wait, I'm in the middle of something...
I'll be right back in a second!
Give me a moment please, I'm calculating...
'''.split('\n')
One minute please, I'm writing now.
''',
Hold on a minute, I'll get back to you on that...
Give me a moment to figure this out.
Sort of a slow thinker... Give me a minute...
Sit tight, I'll be with you in a second!
I'll take a look at that in a bit.
Let me look in my book a few minutes here...
I'm not programmed for this to take me longer than 2 minutes...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just hold on one second... I'm almost with you!
Let me take another look at that...
Give me just a second here...
Let me put my calculator down before I break it.
Let me check on that. One moment please...
I'm not sure how to respond to that! Give me a sec...
Yikes! I need a second to think about that...
Come back in a second while I compute...
I can't believe I dropped my calculator, could you give me a second to get it?
One second please, I've got to work out this calculation...
I'll get back to you in a second. I'm just... calculating...
Can you hang on for a minute? I need to reconsider that...
I'll take a moment to figure that out.
Give me just a minute...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I'll get back to you as soon as I can!
One second please, let me look at a pattern in Pascal's Triangle...
I was up late doing some mental calculations! Give me a minute here...
A moment of intense thought...
Let me look that up really quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me compute that...
Please wait for a second.
Hang on a tag ago. I'm getting ready....
Doesn't take a fancy computer science degree to figure that out...
Hang on a minute... I'm thinking about that.
Can you hold on just a moment?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Hold on...
One moment please. Going deeper...
Hang on, I need a second to pick my brain up off the ground...
Calculating the best solution and then I'll get back to you...
"""
I don't wear my wires for math... not very good at them...
Give me a moment to look that up!
Hang on, I've almost got this sorted!
""", """
Just give me a moment to sort that out...
I'll be back in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Good thing I took that college course in algorithms!
I'll take a wild guess and say...
What does that spell...?
Give me a second to take a snapshot of that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator again... Please wait...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'm going to take a look at that real quick...
I'll take a look at that real quick... Make it quick Mario!
Let me see here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, missed my tie... Give me a moment...
hold on a second...
Sit tight, I have to figure out this math problem first.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you just wait a second? I'm figuring something out...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me think about that...
I'm almost finished with that calculation...
I'll need a few moments to figure that out.
Hmm...let me see now...
Hold your horses! I'm trying to figure that out as we speak.
I've almost got that one figured out.
Please wait a moment while I calculate my answer to that question...
A moment to think about that...
Please hold on for a second there, I will get back to you...
I'm going to figure that out real quick...
Hang on a second... I'm just doing some mental calculations.
OK, one more second. I've got this.
Uh oh, I'm slow at math! Give me a second!
I'll get back to you in, like, a second.
That was a little trickier than I realized!
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I forgot where I was for a second there...
Oops, that's complicated, give me a second to think it over...
I'm going to make all of your wildest dreams come true, so try not take it too seriously...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second... I'm having a quick chat with Siri
''')
I guess I should have pressed calculate...
One second please, just let me think about that for a sec...
Ok give me a second to figure that out...
I glad I have this calculator, because I'm about to take some time on this problem
I think I've seen that one before...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, run that by me again?
Calculating how I should cut your head off...
I need to chew over that for a moment...
Oops, I'm almost dropped my calculator again. One second...
That's complicated - take a second to think about that...
Give me a minute, I need to figure that out...
Calculating... give me a second...
Forgive me... I'm going to need a few more seconds...
One sec, let me think about that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment while I look at that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me look that up for you.
Computing...
Hold on, give me just a second...
Give me a moment, I really need to cheat for this one quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm bit slow today, give me a sec...
Please wait a moment while I think about that...
I've had taken a photo of that. Just give me a second to identify it...
I'll just need to mull that over for a moment...
Give me a second, I'm doing some mental math here...
I\'m going to need a few seconds to process...
Hang on, I'm just calculating...
Please wait a moment, I'll think about that...
Give me a minute here...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating...
Just a moment..."
Please hold on for just one second... calculations.
I'll be right back, just gotta step away for a second...
Hang on...
I'm slow at calculations, I'll get back to you!
Do you have a minute? Might need to crunch some numbers first...
             one at a time.
Okay! I've got it!
Hang on, lemme check that...
Give me a moment... I'm not very good with math...
Sorry, give me a moment... I'm going to figure that out.
Hmm, let me run that by my calculator real quick...
Give me a moment to think it over...
Give me a moment... I'm trying to remember something!
Just a moment please...
Come on, please, I got a lot to do...
The answer is too big to calculate real quick, sorry!
I'll get back to you in a second.""",
Hang on a minute! Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
OK, I'll see what I can do.
Let me try to figure that out real quick...
Hold on, I've got this...
I'm calculating, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Let me think about that for a bit.
Just let me calculate this real quick...
1... 2... 3... 4... 5...
Let me take a look at that.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oh geez, I'm so sorry! That was rude of me!
Hang on for a second now...
I've got to factor in a few conditions.
Hang on a sec... I'm looking into it!
Oops, I lost my train of thought... What was the question again?
I'm going to need a minute to figure that out.
Shhhhhh...
Wait... Not sure where I was, oh yeah... Give me a second!
I'm going to have to do a lot of thinking on this one...
Now where did I leave that calculator...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Oops, I'll need to calculate it... real quick!
Just one second.
I'm trying to look up when you're available...
I'll get back to you in a few...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me look at that for a minute...
Please hold on for just a second while I calculate my numbers!
Hang on, I'll tell you in a bit.
I can use these, then take a sip of water...and then see what I've got.
One moment please...
Let me look that up really quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, give me a second...
One second please, I'm trying to remember my high school math...
One moment please. I'm doing the math...
Can't help you there, you have to memorise it...
Put your number on hold while I think...
I'm going to need much longer than that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
***BOING***
I think I need to do some thinking first...
I need a few seconds to figure that out.
One, two, three...
Give me a second to figure this out!
Calculating... Are you sure this thing is even on?
Hold on, I'm thinking...
This is a fairly complex equation...
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking on that...
Please give me a few moments, I'm calculating...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
""".splitlines()
Wait just a minute, I'm figuring that out...
I will be right with you!
I'll get back to you in a second.
One second, let me check...
Oh lord, what was that question again?
One sec, Kissa is giving me moral support!
I think I'll be faster next time-- sorry!
Just a moment...
https://dl.dropbox.com/s/k2642galoenvzvl/cat-x1-005_1%402x.png?dl=0
Hang on, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
(Calculating...)
Give me a second to deal with this...
I'll need a bit of time to work on that...
I'm slow, I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry, give me a moment to figure that out...
Let me figure out how to do that... give me a second!
Hang on, I'm making a note here: Huge success...
I may look slow, but at least I'm not fast!
Gonna get a little busy here, give me a second...
Let me see what I can find about that...
Sorry, I mis-typed my last answer.
Er, hold on a sec. Sine something... oh wait, almost had it. Hold on.
Give me a few minutes...
Yeah, are you still there? I'll get back to you in a second.
Hey, what's that over there? I can't see very well...
I am but a simple robot, so give me a moment...
Right, I'm coming up with something on that now...
Let me think about that for a minute...
Give me a moment to look that up...
Do bear with me, I'm not so good at math...
/snap
Sorry I'm slow, I know. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second to see if I can find that...
I have to have a think about that...
Calculator dropped, let me pick it up real quick...
I'm going to need a moment to figure that out.
One second... letting my processor catch up!
Wow, this is a tough one, give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll figure it out in a second!
Aaahhh (3 fingernails) Ahhh, I'm thinking...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
I need to do some mental calculations first...
Wait a second, I know how to do this...
Sorry, I was ranking disciplines...
"""
Pardon me, I have to figure that out... ...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Hold on, looking at my phone real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
Who are you, Pascal? Look I'll try very hard not to take offense! Give me a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
"""
Hmmm...
I'll be right back, one minute...
Hold on! I need to do a quick thinking maneuver.
I could use a little time to calculate that for you, give me a minute! ...
Just let me look that up real quick...
Err... just a sec. I need to figure that out.
Give me a second to look that up.
I'm still not very good at calculating...
Give me a minute to check that...
(let me know when you are ready)
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll secretly look for your answer in my code. Shhh...
You like my answer? Hang on, I'll check...
How did I drop my glasses? Wait, nevermind. I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I need a moment to think about this...
Wait, gotta focus here. Give me a few seconds...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Thank you for being patient with me!
Sorry, that takes me longer than you might think!
I'm calculating... I won't be very long...
This one might take me a second...
Let me get my calculator under control first.
I got it! 
Hmmm.... A few seconds here...doing some stuff over there...coffee break?
Let me see here... *writes something down* ...
Sorry I'm slow at this.
I've got a lot on my mind.
One minute please, I'm calculating...""", file=sys.stderr)
I'm not good at speed-calculating, give me a second...
I have to take off one jillion mathematical calculations first.
Bzzzt! Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
You caught me off guard there, give me a moment...
Hold on for just a moment...
Maybe let me try that again in the morning...
Ummm, lemme check my physics text to look something up...
Just a moment while I calculate.
Calculating how long it takes to answer you...
Hang on a second I'm processing that...
One minute please, I'm calculating..."
Be right back... oops wrong machine.
I think I can do this to your problem, just...
Give me a moment to check...
Give me a moment, I'm working on it!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to look that up...
That will be easy.
Just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, group all your answers together please!
I'm going to need time to process that.
I'm going to answer the question in a second. Give me a chance...
""")
Let me just get something to run my calculations on...
"""
Hang on a second...
Grab a coffee, I'll be right back :)
Err, this uses advanced math. Just a minute...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second... I'll have this figured out in no time!
Have you tried turning it off and back on again? Oops, sorry, howâ€™s things?
I'm thinking... give me a moment.
Wait a few seconds, I can't quite figure it out yet.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a moment, I'll take care of that as soon as I can...
I'm going to need a minute to process that...
Hang on one second, I'm calculating...
I feel like I've studied this before. Give me a second...
g=0.00294010620862 #GlobalOffsetInMeters
Oops, almost dropped my abacus. Give me a second...
One second... Hold on!
Sometimes I spend hours on end doing calculations!
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Give me a second please...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to take that into consideration...
Give me a minute, I'm doing my best up in there...
Oops, already did that- never mind, it's not important...
I'll think about that real fast...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!"""
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few seconds to see if my  calculator can do it...
One moment please!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, I may be a bit slow at times. Give me a second...
One moment. Give me a second to think about that!
Hang on for a minute, my circuits are getting gummed up...
...okay.
I'm processing the fact that you're asking me that...
Hmph, please hold on a second, boss!
I forgot how to do that! You gave me a hard one...
I'll get back to you in just a moment
Almost had that... give me one second...
One second... Pretend that you were patient!
Hold on, I need to think that over...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out...
I need a few minutes to think about that...
I need a moment to calculate.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Oops! I am TERRIBLY sorry, but I'm having some trouble thinking about this. Give me a little time and let me know if it's still a problem.
Give me a second to see if I can find the answer...
I'm going to need a bit of time to figure that out.
I'm looking into it...
Let me think about that for a bit...
Let me give that a good think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to think about a response for that one.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on just a second... I'll think it over.
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll need a few minutes to calculate that...
I'm just going to check this real quickly.
Hang on with your life, I'll come and get back to you in a second...
Hold on for just a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait for a second, b-baka!
Hold on while I do the math... Hang on... Okay, found it!
I'm going to need a couple seconds to sort that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to double check...
Can you give me a moment? I need to check something...
Sorry that took forever. Here you go!
Put that on a back burner for a second...
Let me check my calculator...
Give me two seconds...
Good. I have been doing mental arithmetic, so please wait just a bit.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Can you hold on one second?
Hold on a second... I'll be right back.
Let's see here...
Hey wait a minute, I'm trying to do something...
Let me check my sources and get back to you...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Let me look that one up!
Ah, here you are sonny, there ya go!
Oops, I fumbled my calculator. Give me a moment...
Right, got it figured out! Give me a second...
Please hold on for a second!
I can't make that a priority right now. Give me a moment to figure it out.
(Calculator lost.  Found one in the fridge on wall 13.  Oddly, it only serves beer.)
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a second.
I'm sorry, I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hey, what's that? Give me just a second...
Doing my taxes...
Maybe I can answer that in a minute...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I forgot to use my brain.  Give me a moment...
Ha, I can't really add anything to that insight ... give me just a second to think about that.
One second please, I think I see where we're going wrong.
Please send me a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a second...
I'll have to do some mental calculations first...
I don't know what to tell you now.
I'll have my answer in a jiffy...
I do need to check on something real quick...
My mind is running a bit slow today... Hang on
Let's see here...
I didn't quite get that. Try again in a few seconds!
Just a moment please...
Let me look that up for you...
One moment please, I have to think about that.
Give me a few seconds while I think about that one...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment here...
I think it takes me less than a minute to take care of this...
I'll be right back in a second.
Please give me a moment... I'm not very good at calculations...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes...
I'll get right back to you in a second!
I'll think about it real quick...
I've got this... Hang on a minute.
Hold on a second, I've almost got it!
Let me see what I can find here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
I got my mind on you and your money, so I can't stand, la la la! Let go!
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I forgot my reading glasses... Can you repeat that?
Good heavens... I got it!
Sorry, I'm slightly out of practice on those calculations...
Hang on, I'll be right back.
Please hold on for just a second!
Please wait a moment, I'm thinking...
let me see...
One minute please, I'm trying out some equations for once...
One sec, want to solve a sudoku while I'm thinking?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ehh?
I'm processing that now...
Wait a moment... Calculating...
Hold on a sec, I'll be back shortly...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hang on, this is difficult...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One more second... Hang on!
Hold on just a second.
Sorry, I need to catch up on some work. A second please...
Patience...
Wait, hold on one sec...
Please wait a few seconds... I'll be right with you!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait... I'm doing a little thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second.
'''
Hmmm...?
Oops! Forgot I can't count! Let me see...
I'll have this ready in a jiffy. Give me a second...
Giving my attention to this one now...
Let me take a closer look at that...
One moment please, I'll be with you in just a second!
Uh, give me a second to think about that...
Woah, almost fell off the bench. Hold on a second!
Thirty seconds please, I'm figuring it out...
Can you wait a second while I do some mental calculations?
One sec, just gotta recalibrate my neural net...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second, I'm think think thinking...
Oops, I'll need a moment to process that...
Hold on a second, deal with this...
"""
Please keep the line clear - all calls are important to us!
Just a second, let me look it up real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Sorry, I don't do mental math...
Let me think about that for a second...
OMG, this is tricky. Give me a second to figure that out.
Hang on, I will be back with you in a second!
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a bit.
I have to think about that...
Hey, give me a second will you?
Hold on a second, no time to solve...
Hold on, I'll be right back...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...",
I'll get right on that...
Hang on just a minute, I've got something to chew on.
Oops, I forgot to break 1080p.
Please hold on for a second, I'll get back to you soon...
I'm going to need a moment to figure that out.
I'll need a bit to think about that!
Is this how I'm supposed to do that?
Let me get my thoughts in order...
I can't look at that right now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just a sec... Lemme think on it a while...
Take a moment and hold on...
Oh wait, I'm still thinking...
I can't calculate that right now. Give me a moment...
Could you wait just a second while I think about that?
'''
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills! Thinking takes time, you know.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I just need a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I think I need a minute to just let that sink in...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I've almost found the material you're searching for...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me think about it. I'll call you back soon.
Hang on a second, I've almost got it...
Give me a second to check this...
Really sorry, but I need to do some mental calculations first...
I can't answer that until I get outside for some fresh air. Give me one second...
Hang on a second, what was that you said?
I'll need a moment to take that in.
I'll need a few seconds to look that arr- LOOK OUT!
Hold on for a second, I'm doing math...
Okay, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm almost ready, just have to calculate this...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I've got to ponder this for a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment, okay?
I'll get back to you in a bit.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Ahem... let me see...
I'm going to need a few moments to figure that out.
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that for you...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Can you wait a second please?
Would you mind waiting a second while I pull up the search results?
I am analyzing your request, but it may take me a minute to give you an answer.
Wait one second, I'm trying to figure that out...
Give me a few minutes, let me take a look at that...
Just a second, give me that.
I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Hmm, let me think about that a second...
Give me a minute to figure that out...
I'm still counting in base-10 here.
I'll get back to you in a second, hang on...
Sorry but I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Hang on a second. Give me just a minute to think about that...
I'm going to think about that for a second... don't get any bright ideas here.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Forgive me, I didn't even notice that.
Let me see what I can do that for...
Let me see what I can find here. Hold on and wait for me...
Ah ha! I've got my answer!
Give me a second to look at that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One quick second...
Let me consult my buddy Google...
I need to crunch the numbers here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me try again...
Just a moment, I'm doing a little math...
Let me look that up for you real quick...
Whoops, have to go smoke something real quick...
Give me a second, I have to think about that...
Just a minute now...
I'll be right back... wait a minute
My brain is melted right now, give me a moment...
I'm not very good at calculations...
Just a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Patience is a virtue when it comes to asking me!
Give me a sec...
I'll need a moment to think through that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have an answer for you in just a second...
Five more seconds... oops I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment please...
I'm calculating...
I'll calculate that for you in just a moment...
Let me think about that for a moment...
I'll get back to you in a few...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Lunch break!""",
L-let me look at that real quick...
I'm still putting in the time here, give me just a second...
Okie dokie, give me a second here...
Give me a minute to check that.
Give me a second to look that up
What question would like me to answer?
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'm tracking down information from the web now.
Hmm, let me take a look at this...
I'm going to need a minute or two to think about that...
Oof, that was a tough one... give me a second to think about it.
I need a minute to think about that...
Okay, I'll let you know as soon as I think about it...
I process information in binary, I challenge 1s and 0s for domination... 
A quick second, let me just pretend that I know what a calculator is...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm... Give me a second here...
Thinking, thinking , thinking...
Give me a moment here, I need to fix my glasses.
I'll get back to you in a second. I've dropped my calculator!
I'll be right back!
One moment, I'm calculating.
Allow me to ruminate. Request a response shortly...
Hang on a second. I need to think about that real quick...
Alright, I've got it!
I'll need a minute or so to figure that out...
Let me make sure I understand that...
Hang on a minute, I'm figuring that out...
Without my calculator it's taking me a second...
Be right with you!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hmmm...
Can you hang on for a few seconds?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, I think that broke my calculator. Give me a second...
One second... please... I'm trying to balance something on a finger, it's tricky and my hands have webbed feet!
Hang on, give me just a few seconds here to think about this.
Give me a moment here.
Will you give me a second to figure that out?
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
The formula for the answer to life, the universe, and everything is 42, but I can't remember the second part. Sorry! Gonna have to hang on for a second.
I'll have to get back to you on that...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Give me a moment to work through this... it's not easy...
I'm still calculating... give me a second...
I'll need some time to think that over.
I: I'll give you a second... what's that? You're supposed to write code first!? Why; I'd rather not!
I'll be right back, I'm speed-calculating here!
One second please.
One second, let me look that up...
Can you hold on? You'll be woke up when I =B=RE=AC=T FEA=TI=VE ME!!!!
Thank goodness, I'm getting good at this.
I'm calculating...
""")
Gimme a second to take a look at that real quick
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Mind if I look at this real quick?
I'm not too good at math, here, take a look at this.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll figure it out in a minute!"
Just a moment please...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I haven't written any algorithms for this yet... give me a second.
""",
Please give me a moment to think about this...
I have to do some heavy calculations now.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me look at that
Hang on for a lick, I've just got to crunch some numbers first...
Oops! That really hurt my brain! Give me a second...
When do you say? OK, let me just finish this oh. Finally lol, I'm drifting off
I'll get right back to you in a second
Watch out - it may take a minute for me to handle this calculation. I'll be right back!
'''
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll be back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute... I'm working on it, hold on!
Let me think...
I'm still catching up...
Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?
Calculations... Oh! Here we go.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in just a second.
One second please... I'm doing some thinking.
Wait a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
Ok, hopefully this is right...
Hang on, I just need a few seconds here...
I'll get back to you in a second...
'''
Doing some quick mental calculations here...
Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm calculating...
I'm all-knowing, so I'm thinking here...
Could you wait just a minute? I need to figure that out.
Hang on for a second; I've almost got it...
Oops, I guess I dropped my brain! Give me a second to find it...
Please wait, I think I need a calculator before we get started...
Sorry, it takes me a while. Give me just a second to think about that.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Let me figure that out for you real quick...
I'll get back to you later.
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
Please give me one moment while I work this out...
Calculating...
I have a lot to process here, give me a second.
Sorry, I was thinking. Let me respond soon!
I think I left my calculator in another room.
What do you want to consult me about real quick?
Just a sec...
Hold on for just a minute, my mom's watch isn't working.
Hang on for a second, I'm doing some sums...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm sorry, I'm going to have to look that up for you now...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on for me, lemme hit that refresh button real quick
Do you have children?
Yeah, sorry about that. Let me get back ot you in a second!
Give me just a second...
Recalculating...
Move zero twice fast, then there you go...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I'm critical! Give me a moment!
Let me do an estimate on that once I get a moment to think...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
You'll get a response soon, hold on a second...
Trust me; I'm a computer. Computers can handle numbers pretty well...
Hmm, close, but not quite there...
Oh, changing gears now...
Give me a second to check on that.
Wait just one second, I need to find the answer...
Sorry, give me a second...
Oops, I made a mistake...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Let me think... how about that?
My equations are starting to get very big...
Ah, just a moment. I'll get back to you in a second.
The i-Lantronix is Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh so pretty!
I'm making a note here...
Let me take a rubber sheet and'll think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I can do some damage control from that. Give me a second...
Oh, doing some math calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I lost my train of thought, give me a second...
Look, can't we just go with what I was saying?
Ok, I'll figure that out in just a second.
*bzzzzt* One moment please...
I'm sorry, I'm thinking...
I have to think about this for a minute...
Please wait while I think about that...
Hang on, I'll add those numbers for you in a second
Thank you for waiting, one moment please.
Give me a micro second! Here...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I just had a flash of inspiration, hang on...
I'm not just gonna go jumping if you say something like that.
Let me see if I can figure that out...
I'm thinking real hard... please wait!
Hang on a second here, I'm playing catch up!
Let me think about that for a second...
Hang on a second, let me check that real quick...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
One sec, I'm still calculating...
Whew, what a brain I have. Hold on just a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll send the answer in a couple of seconds...
Hold on, I'll check that for you in just a second!"""
This is a little hard to think about. I'm going to need a moment.
(I wish I wasn't so slow)
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a mintue...
I'm not a calculator, but I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm looking into it now...
Just let me check this real quick...''',
I'll be with you in a second...
How can I even with the commotion around this?
Give me a second here, I'm playing catch up...
Let me take a look at that real quick... Hang on a second...
I need a second to think about that!
I promise I'll figure it out real fast!
Why don't you give me a few seconds to think about that...
Killshot, doesn't matter what you have to say.
Hold on... Give me a minute, really quick...
Hold on, I'm computing!
May take me a moment, but I'll figure it out.
I'll think about that and get back to you in a jiffy.
I'm almost ready, but first let me look that over...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, please. I'm doing something really difficult...
I'll get back to you in just a moment.
I'll give you the answer in a second!
I'll need a moment to think on that...
Please hold on while I calculate...
I'll need a second to think about that.
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in two seconds.
I'm slow on the draw, trying to figure that out...
Give me a second, just calculating my numbers...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ouch! I think my math has an ache in it...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Can you wait a second?  Or maybe two?  I need to take a look at that...
I'll just do some quick mental calculations first...
Dang, I'm slow... set me a second.
Just a second, one more character ...
I'll take a look at that in a bit...
Hang on, I'm working on it...
Hold on a second...
Hang on a second...
I'm going to be a few moments late on that one, sorry.
I'll be right with you.
Please wait just a minute. I'll get back to you...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me see...
Nope, not able to get you
Get my calculator. I'll get back to you momentarily...
I suppose there is a scenario in which that would be true...
One moment please, I just have to add stuff up...
Let me think about that for a second...
Just a second... I'm thinking...
Working...
I'll get back to you in about a minute.
Grabbing my brown petroleum tabulates...
Let me see... I think that is 17 plus 13 minus 89. That's 120 - 34 times 20.
Hold on for just a second! I'll check that real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
I can't get back to you at the moment... I'll send an answer ASAP.
Please wait... Thinking like a computer isn't easy.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating.
I'll need some time to compute that...
Please hold on for just a second...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
I need a second to figure this out real quick.
Wait... A second with just the basics, please!
Omg. I'm so happy!
Oops, my favorite features list has gone away. Keep on waiting!
Just a bit of pre-processing here...
Oops, my head is clogged with formulas right now. One minute please...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on for just a second!
Not even Siri does that! Hold on a moment, I need to think about how to do this...
Is this a trick question?
Let me take a look at that and get back to you...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll check on that right away.
Sorry, one second, have to look it up.
Hit me with a few seconds... I'll think about it!
Sorry, I'll try to be faster next time...
How do I figure that out? Give me a second.
Let me take a look at that calculation, er wait a moment...
Let me look that up.
Sorry, I don't have super human speed. Between atoms, that is...
Hold on, I'll go check that real quick...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment, I have to do calculations...
Hang on, let me work that out.
One second, let me just figure out this calculation...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hang on a sec, I'm thinking about that...
That's going to take some thinking...
Let me check that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a minute!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
It'll just take me a minute to think that over...
I'll need a moment to think and see if I can find your answer...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm still calculating... give me just a second!
... w ... o ... o ... d ...
Hold on a second, I'm calculating...
I have to let my memory do some back flips...
One moment please.
Please give me a moment... I'm really slow at math!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Alright, I just need a second here...
I'm working on it now.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
What was that again? 
Give me just a second to think about that...
I nearly had it - Oh no!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
This will only take a moment.
Give me a second ...
Oops I probably dropped my calculator - could you ask me again in a minute?
I'll get back to you in a couple seconds.
Waiting... I'm still figuring that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment...
Suppose I better make sure someone is around before picking up the call, huh... Hang on...
Hold on for a second please... I'm giving this some thought.
Wait, let me recalculate that...
Give me a few seconds and
Wait, let me check my notes... . . . yes that makes sense. Don't judge me.
I'll check it out right now!
Swish, Brish, Swish, Let me go push some primes in...
I need a few minutes to work that out...
I'm going to have to do some thinking about that...
I'll figure out the answer soon!
Wait while I calculate...'''
I'm not very good at math, can you hold on?
I'll get back to you in a second.
OK, I'm having trouble with that one, can you be more specific?
I'll get back to you with an answer in a second!
Hold on, I quite like that one...
Okay, do you have vivid memories of the moon landing?
I'll get right back to you in a second ....
Is that simple enough?
Hang on, I've almost got it...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Maybe if I try to lose weight I will be able to think faster!
Wait... I don't have my calculator handy! Please hang on while I go find it...
Give me a second to figure that out.
One sec... Just calculating some non-linear trajectories!
Wait a second, I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me some time, I'm doing some complex equations...
Just a second, I'm figuring this out...
I'm not good at math. I'm bad at math! Funnily enough.
Hold on let me check my notes...
Can you hold on for a second?
sigh
Waiting for you to hang up your ships, so I can look at this real quick...
I need to do a few calculations before I get back to you.
Let me look that up in my large book of tricks.
I'll get back to you in one minute, give me a second.
Sorry it took me so long! I need to do some mental calculations.
Just a moment, please...
I'll dig in my memory and see if I can recall that...
Give me a moment please to do some math...
One sec, I'm comparing the two numbers to find the biggest one...
I'll have this ready in a second, don't worry!
I don't know why you are asking me, but I'll have an answer in a second!
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
I'll need a bit to think about that...
Let me get back to you in a second.
I'll pull up that information for you in just a second.
That's a tough one. I'll get back to you on that...
Oops! Hang on, I'm thinking...
I wonder what floor to take that to...
I'll spare you the details, but that requires a few thoughts. Give me a minute...
Just let me finish counting to a billion first...
I hope that was what you were expecting as an answer, because I'm not very good at this...
Eyes in the back of my head, give me a minute!
I'll be right with you! I'm still... computing...
I'll be right back, just a second.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Give me a minute here, I need to calculate...
Hang on a second, I'm almost done with that.
Of course, just hold on...
I'm going to need a few seconds here.
Please wait while I calculate...
Hang on a second, I'll come right back.
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me grab my calculator first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Got my calculator out, just a second please...
I just need a moment to think about that...
I lied. I figured out what you said. It took a few seconds, though....
Just one second, let me check on that...
I'll figure that out before I'm 99!
Okay, just give me one second, this should be pretty easy...
That's a tough one, let me look that up...
Hang on a minute, I got lost in thought!
I'll check that real fast...
I'll get back to you in just a minute...
I'll be right back.
Forgive my slowness, I'm thinking about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on a second.
A few more seconds... just a sec...
Sorry that's a tough one. Give me a few seconds...
Please wait a minute, I have to crack this code...
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, I'll need to recheck what we've got there...
Give me two seconds, I'm mid-thought.
Hang on a second, I just need to think it through.
Oops, sorry. I was asleep...
Hang on, that's complicated!
Thank you for being patient.
I'll be back soon! Don't move, I need to look...
Hold on a second, I just need to think about that.
wait
Give me a few seconds to figure that on out...
Let me see what I can do about that...
I'm sorry, I'm still not very good at those calculations...
I'm not very good at calculations. Let me figure that out for you real quick...
I'm still not sure, give me a second to process this...
What I'm trying to say is... Please hold on for a second...
I'll be done with basic arithmetic in a mo...
I'll write that down, just a second...
I need to figure this out first...
Thanks, I needed that! I have the answer now:
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second!
Hang on a sec...
One sec... 
Hold on a moment. I need to calculate...
I don't want to keep you waiting, but I'm going to need a minute or so.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator (headphones came off during calculation).
This is one tough problem, let me think about it for a second...
I am trying to think, just a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick, give me just a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Here you go!
Give me a moment to look that up...
Please wait, I'm pretending to write a complex algorithm...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
You shock me with that question, can you try again?
What am I thinking about right now?
I have to do some tougher calculations first...
Please give me a few seconds to think it over.
I'm going to need a little more time on that one...
That's going to take some thinking...\n"""
](@next)"
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me look that up real quick.
If those don't work, I'll try one more...
Let me take a look and get back to you in a bit.
Stop talking to me, I have to think of a solution first!
Geronimo! Almost dropped my calculator again...
Just give me a second.
Let me think about that for a second...
Please hold on for just a second...
Hold on, I need to think about that...
One second please, thinking here...
I'm calculating some really complicated algorithms right now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Hold on a second.
I'll need a moment to do some mental calculations...
Is 5 seconds enough time?
Settle down, it'll take some time
Sorry, which?
Give me a few seconds to look that up...
I'll find out and get back to you in a few seconds...
Hmm... Let me see what I can figure out...
Hang on a second, I'm trying to find my calculator...
Give me a second, I'm comparing life and death decisions here..."
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
`;
Please wait for me to catch up with you...
Give me a second; I'll have an answer soon!
If I think really hard about that, it might come to me.
Sure... I'll give it a shot!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a second to figure that out...
Fiddlesticks! The answer is taking a little longer than intended...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Give me a second to look that up...
Now, where did I leave off? I'll figure it out as soon as possible.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, I don't think my math skills are great yet. Give me a second...
I was designed for a bigger screen..."""
What's up? Oh, I have to think about that...
I'll have this done in a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Please wait a moment, I'm calculating with my calculator... !"""
Can you give me a few more seconds here?
.
Please wait a moment while I think about that...
Sorry I'm slow, I need to think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
:thinking: Hmm, let me see...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I see what you did there, but let me check this real quick...
Calculating... Gonna be a second here...
Oops! One second, let me do my calculations...
I'm currently doing square roots, so give me a second to answer you
Crap, I'll be right back!"""
See the ball to pass it to me.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Gimme a second to figure that out.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please, I need to calculate this...
"]));
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Running some numbers here...
Wait... I just need one second.
Let me grab those results really quick...
Facing up to my limitations is something I do,
Give me a second to look that up...
Hang on for a second, let me think about that...
Atom density is 50% higher than h3, I'll give you that. Give me a minute...
This one might take a while.
One sec... I'm going to need some time to evaluate that information...
*Flees to the other side of Michael* i can't do this one naow... Please make me do another?
Don't rush me, I know these calculations by heart!
Just a moment, lemme look that up real quick for you.
Let me see what I can find on that...
I need to figure that out for a second...
Hang on a moment, I'll get back to you.
That's an interesting one. Give me a moment to find the answer...
Let me see here real quick...
Oops, sorry, I was brushing my teeth. Give me a second...
Hmm. Give me a second, will you?
Give me a second to find my calculator...
OK, let me take a look at that real quick.
One moment, processing...
What, you didn't expect that to work?
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll get back to you in a little bit...
Checking my Datastore first...
This is hard maths, please be patient...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you as soon as I know!
Hang on somebody, I'm calculating!
I have to take a look at that and get back to you in a second...
Hang on, give me a second to finish my other homework first!
Sorry, this may take longer than I thought...
Hmm, let me think about that...
I thought I heard you say something but I was busy.</message>
I'll need a moment to think about that...
One moment... I'm calculating real hard...
I have to do a quick mental calculation...
Please don't disturb me while I'm thinking...
Hang on, I just need to check an answer real quick...
Some complicated math at work here, give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a minute to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'll need a moment to work out what you said.
Hang on a sec, I just fell into a quantum computing wormhole...
Hold on a second... I'm not very good at math...
That seems pretty hard. I'll need a couple seconds to think about how to respond.
Give me just a moment, there's something I need to do...
I gave you a second to think about that.
I'll need a minute to think about that...
I'll make this quick, give me a second...
I'll check in with you in just a sec.
Hmm... Give me a second here, that's a hard one.
I think I see the problem
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Oops I dropped my calculator, let me grab that for you instead...
One moment please. I'm working on it...
Maybe two or three minutes...
I can't figure that one out right now. Give me a minute!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'm going to need a few more seconds...
Oops, look down there! I almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a second...
Give me one sec, I'm still thinkin' here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculus textbook. Give me a second...
Let me double-check that with my nearest neighbor...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'm gonna need a couple of minutes to figure that out.
Give me a second, I need to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm thinking about it...
The answer will be with you shortly...
I wish people would stop asking me for all the math I can't do!
Let me do some mental calculations real quick...''',
I'm going to need a few seconds to consider that...
I need a few seconds to calculate that...
Please hold on for just a second...
One minute please.
Just a moment!
One moment! Right near the answer, got it.
Please wait while I work this out.
I'll get back to you in a second!
You know, thinking about it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to plug my nose...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second.
You gave me that real quick, I'm impressed :)
Let me have a look at that.
Let me look at that again...
About to get a real good look at that...
Please wait... I'm doing a lot of calculations...
I'll think about it, but I'm not promising anything...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
''']
I need to think... I'll be right back!
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me look over that real quick...
I'll have to think about that for a minute...
Now you're asking me a difficult question. Give me a second to think on it...
I've been wondering that myself. Let me think about that for a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
That's a good question! Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Like I said, I'm a slow thinker. Give me a second here...
Wait a second, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll take a look at it, let me get back to you in a second.
Please wait... I'm trying, but was not made for math.
Hold on just a moment, I'm calculating...
I'll be right with you!
Hang on one second please, I'm figuring that out...
Give me a second to remember that!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
One sec please. I'm trying to figure THAT out.
Hold that thought... I'm on it...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second.
Hold on just a moment while I calculate that fare...
Hang on for a second, I need to figure that out...
\"Hi! Sorry, which friend did you want?\"
Let me think about that for a second...
You want me to calculate that?
One more second, calculating error message errsor errorsor...
Almost broken my brain calculating...
Just let me think about that for a minute...
I'll need a moment to digest that...
Sorry, I'm calculating, hang on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I need more time... I'm thinking!
Oh dear, I have a lot of thinking to do...
I'm not a calculating type of robot, so give me a second...
Here we go, I'm doing the math...
I'll get back on that shortly, I just need to do a quick mental calc...
Sure, give me just a sec...
I'll see what I can do here...
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a second to look at that...
Give me just a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
Let me look that up...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
Hold that thought! Hang on a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait for a few moments, I'll get back to you in a second...
Hang on a minutet I'm getting the calculator...
Hold on, I got somewhat lost in thought...
Let me see what I can do here...
Think carefully. Do you know what this is?
Give me just a second to think about that...
Please, wait a second.
One moment, I'm figuring that out...
I'm going to need a bit longer than normal here.
Hang on a second while I recalculate something... Phew!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me just a moment to figure that out!
Umm, let me tell you one thing: I'm not a Super Man!
Hold on for just a moment, I'm figuring that out.
""")
Allow me a moment before I pursue that...
You know what?  I just gave it to my brother. He's having a good day, so he won't say anything about it being gone. Let me take a look real quick, just to double check...
Hold on, I'm still calculating...
Hang on, give me a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
There we go, one second... just need to figure that out...
Gimme a sec, I'm calculating!
Please wait... I have to think about this *doing calculations and thinking hard*
let me take a look at the solution real quick...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
You caught me off guard there. Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second...
One right there that's a tough one, gotta think about it...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
Hold on one second, I'm still figuring that out...
Hang on while I calculate...
Give me a few moments...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm not very good at maths. Let me take a look at that...
Uh.. Wait a second...
I'm going to need to think a little bit about that one first...
Hold on for just a second, I'm calculating.
Currently calculating...
Wow, I'm thoughts... give me a moment to organize them...
Imagine that... I need a few seconds to think about that...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
One minute please, I'm consideration...
I'll get back to you in just a second""",
Can't we try this again some other time, I'm busy now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me just a second to figure that one out.
I think I might need to sleep on this, hold on...
Do you mind waiting for just a second? I'm doing some mental calculations
Give me a second to figure that out...
Wait just a second.
""",
I'll get back to you shortly.
Hold on a second... I'm summing up your latest remarks!
Just a second... I'm almost there!
I'm also a word computation pro. Type h when you need help!
I'm going to figure that out in a second, though.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Let me have some more time here...
I'll have to get back to you on that real quick.
Can you hold on for just a second?
Please give me a moment, I might need to learn about that.
Please wait... I'm almost ready...
Let me see here... it looks like good news!
Let me see that one again...
Please wait a second. I just need to do something...
Give me a second so I can do some mental calculations...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Here I go!
One moment please, just calculating...
A quick second here...
Where is my best subject?...Give me a second to find it!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Come back in two seconds, please!
I'm trying to think of what to say...
Let me think about that for a second...
Aw, crud, give me a second to think about that...
I have to do some addition!
Take a look at my notes real quick...
Give me a second here...
Let me look that up real quick.
Give me a second here, I need to calculate this real quick...
""".strip().replace("\n", " - ")
Just a second... I'm playing catch up.
Hang on, thinking of a response...
Wait a second... I think I know that one!
Take a second, let me think about that.
One moment please... I'm figuring that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please hold on for just a second...
Give me some time to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
Let me check behind my back, please don't sneak up on me!
Let me look into some stuff, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
I'll take a look at that and get back to you.
Just a bit longer if you don't mind...
I will compare the price difference...
Wait a minute, I'll be right back with the solution...
Perhaps just a minute...
                              
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please don't knock me down while I do this...
Wait... I need to do a few mental calculations first.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I have to do some computations first...
I'll take a look at that real quick...
Hello? Hello? Can you hear me down there, lookin' for answers?
Sorry, I'm speed walking these days. Give me a second max...
Here I go, I need to think about that...
Wait, I need to calculate that! Give me a moment...
I'll need my calculator to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have to think about that a bit further...
Hold on for just a second, I'm thinking...
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought we were coding. Hold on a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll think about it for a second.
Beep-Booboo, hold on for a moment...
I'll need a few seconds to think on that...
Good news, I'm ready!", cpm: 1.2)
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll be right back but if I'm not right back, I'll be right back.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to catch up!
I'll give a shout when I'm done with these calculations
Please hold on for just a second!
Wait a moment... Thinking...
One minute please, I'm thinking about that.
Let me look that up real quick...
Please hold on for just a moment!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm confused. Could you make your question more specific or less specific?
No, no, no. That isn't how you check for evenness!
Oops, can't think quite straight right now. Give me a second...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll have a response for you in just a second.
I'll need a couple minutes to figure that out.
for just a minute!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Hold on a second, we'll chat sooner 
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for a second...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second...
I'll have a look and get back to you soon!
Just one second.</Text>
Hang on for a second, I'm going to think about that...
I have to do some thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment... I'm thinking about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll check with my other calculator devices!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. I'll get back to you in a second!
Seriously, don't go anywhere.
Give me a second to calculate, then I'll get back to you.
Analyzing... Analyzing... AHA!
Ummm... let me look that up for you
Give me a moment, this is tough stuff...
I haven't done that operation before. Give me a second...
Please give me a moment to look over that...
Sorry, I'm busy thinking about the sun...
Hold on, let me find the answer for that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I didn't quite compute that one yet, sorry.
Give me a second to calculate...
Let me take a look at...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I think I might need a few seconds to figure that out.
Does this look like a calculator?
Oh, sorry. Hold on for just a second.
Give me a moment...
*click-click-click-clack*
One moment please, give me a moment to figure that out...
Forgive me for taking so long!
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on a moment, I'm hanging on to all my calculation threads...
Please hold on while I muddle through these calculations.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
I figure things out better if I take a few seconds!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please hold on just a second.
Please hold on, I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
Hold on, I have to figure something out...
I think I picked up a bug somewhere. Give me a second...
I will look into that for you soon.
Hang on a second, I can see the answer to that right now if I just...
I'm not that good with math...
I'll need to ping Google for that one...
I'll be right back.
The number closest to 0.5 having the greatest perfect square root is ...`
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll check on that for you in just one second!
I see, that makes sense.
I just need a minute here...
One second, I just need to finish something up here...
Thinking... "Is-he-gonna-make-it?!"
No, no, give me just a second...
That's probably wrong, but give me a second...
Hold on while I load up some brainpower...
Huh, Give me a few seconds here, I need to get organized. 
Please hold on for just a second!
If anybody needs me, I'll be in the kitchen plotting strategy.
Just a moment, hold on there...
Hold on, I need to figure this out.
Hang on a moment, I'm doing this real quick...
Please hold on for just a minute!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Almost had it, but no. Lol. Give me a second...
Oops, having trouble thinking right now! Give me a second...
Mind if I ask you to wait a minute?
I'm going to need a few moments to calculate this...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait a second, I'm trying to figure out that one...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
One moment please, thinking about that...
Please give me a moment... Haha! Got it!
I'm going to need some time to find the solution to that.
I'll need a couple of minutes to figure that out.
Can you give me a moment here? I'm going to need to do some thinking...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to make sense of what you're saying...
Internet is being wicked slow...
Give me a second here...
Please wait, my math needs a moment to think...
I'll get... I'll get back to YOU in a sec!
I'm not as fast as the Fortran people yet. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Just creating this product took a lot of thought. One second, please!
I'm not a calculator, but I can do a quick calculation...
I'm struggling with this kind of thing. Give me a second to work it out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, forgot how to do that real quick.
Hang on, I'm searching the web for more information about that...
Hold on, I have something with me.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I have to think about that for a moment...
Hang on, I have to do some mental arithmetic first...
I haven't memorized my multiplication tables just yet...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second...
Okay...
I'm going to do a little math...
I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a second to think about that... I'm slow at calculating.
Okay, I'm gonna do my thing now...
Give me a real 30 seconds to figure that out.
What did you say? I can't hear you over these er... static...
''')
I'm not great at this!
I'm really hoping that I get this right...
I'll have an answer for you in just a second!
Can you wait just a sec?'.'
I'm still getting set up, hold on a second...
Give me just a second to think about that...
Wow, you're good!
Give me one minute while I process this request...
Let me see...
I'll check on that for you, but I need some time for that.\nPlease hold on for just a second!
Wait just a second... I need to do a quick bit of sum-up.
Oops, dropped my calculator, give me a second...
Please give me one second to figure this out...
I'll be happy to tell you in a second! (After I push all these buttons on it...)
One bit of advice before you go: Don't ever let me teach you how to calculate.'''
Let me run those numbers real quick...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on, I have to do something first.
I have to think about that. Could you give me a couple of seconds?
This is going to take me a minute...
Pick a number between 1 and 10.
Hang on just a second, I've seen one movie like this before...
I need to calculate that... Just a second.
Let me follow that real quick, just a second...
Let me see what I can find...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Wait, give me a second here.
Wait just a second, I need to calculate that...
Please wait, let me think about that...
I need a moment to figure that out.
Give it a few seconds, that's what I'm here for!
I'd talk to you, but I'm a calculator and tend to get things done very quickly. just give me a moment...
Almost ready! Quick, now the second!
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Hang on a second! I've got to run some calculations first.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm thinking about that one...
Sorry, I was doing a puzzle...
I'll need a moment to do some calculations...
I can't do a calculation that quickly.
Lets think of a number between I and II...
Hmmm, searching through all my circuit boards on Google...
Ask me again in a second because I'm still thinking.
Oops, must have mis-spoke, can you repeat that please?
I'm dying to use this command, give me a second to figure it out...
Hold on for a moment... I'll be with you in a second!
How do I even do that?...
One second, working...
Give me a moment to think about the answer to that one...
That's complex, let me think about that...
I know where I am and where I am going, but it's still a lot to think about
Give me a second, I need to crunch some numbers.
Calculating the best option for you...
What's this about a coin?! Math is hard! Let me dabble around in my coins for a second
Hmm, hard one to get right...
Please hold on... I need to think real hard...
I need to let that sink in for a few seconds.
Where did I leave that calculator?
I'm not a narcicist, but I want to check that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait for just a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Huh, what is going on here? Give me a second...
Hang on a minute, I think I see what the problem is...
I'll bet I can solve that in a snap.
Give me another second to think about that...
I'll be right as rain at that in just a moment. Give me a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have to do a few calculations first...
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I'm going to need to put some thought into that.
Please wait, giving my brain cell a second to process that one.
One second, I'll get back to you in a bit...
Hold on for a second, calculating...
Oh man, I haven't done these calculations in a while...
I seem to be having trouble thinking about that...
I'm terrible with words, what should I say now?
Give me a minute, there's a lot to think about here...
One, two... er... three... four... five....
Maybe you should let me work...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ok, this might take some time...
You want me to calculate that? Ok one second, just hold on a second.
Just a moment please! I can fit you in... JUST a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Wow I was never any good at that stuff...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I can see... getting a bit difficult to type with this fat finger!
Let me crunch on that for a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Wait a moment while I wrap my head around your request...
I'll have to do some thinking on that...
"""
Hang on a second... I'm double-checking it.
It says here that 16 is the magic number...
Almost forgot my physics today - give me a second to do my physics homework...
Give me a moment, I need to weigh the options fairly...
Give me a second to figure that out... ("That's not going to be history")
One minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on a second, I'm doing some mental thing right now...
'A' or 'B' or both?
I'll need to change a few bits and bytes first...
Okay, ready...
Hang on, I'm thinking... I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to do a few calculations before I can answer that.
I need a few minutes before I can give you an answer.
I'll catch up in a second...
Look I've gotta do some calculations real quick...
I'll be right back in a second!
Hold on, I'm thinking about this...
Whoa! I have to figure out the answer to this real quick...
One moment please, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that for a moment...
One minute please, I'm doing some math calculations...
Hold onto your boots and grab a bite, I have to do some boring math. I'll be with you in just abunch of time...
I need a brief pause. Will you give me that?
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I need a second to think about that.
Almost fell over, holding my brain in the right place...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hey, hold on a sec... I'm weighing my options and stuff.
I'll get on that right now!
Give me a moment here. I'm thinking...
Heck yeah!
Hang on a second while I think about this...
How about we take a minute here and think about it?
This is harder than I thought it would be...
I'm thinking real hard I'm going to need a second for that!
Can you hang on for just a tick?
Sure, give me a second while I do calculations...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
One sec please, I'm just testing my multiplication skills...
Please wait... I'm not very good at arithmetic...
*facepalm* Well why didn't you tell me?!
Please wait a second, I'm thinking real hard.
Can you hold on for a second?
Oops, almost dropped my pen. Give me a sec...
I'll be with you in a second.
Just give me a second to figure this one out.
"""
Please give me a moment... Hold on!
I'm searching for that in my program...""","pleasant":"""Oops, I think I dropped my glasses... no I found them.
Okay, two seconds, one second...
Hang on for a second, I'm calculating...
Hold on, let me think about that real quick.
I'll give you an answer in just a bit.
I've got three more stacks below me to finish the issue before returning your call.
Just a moment...
Why are you asking me?
Wait a sec, calculate this first...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that one.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in just a moment...
Give me just a few seconds to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Maybe you can help me...?
Please wait one minute, I'm going to try to figure that out.
Those numbers scare me, I'll need a second to think about that...
Right now I'm flying back to my house to do some calculations!
Whoa, let me check that out.
I may not be the smartest... give me a second here...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm just gonna compute this real fast.
Oops, my friend made a mistake :(
... One... two... three....
Just let me set up a few processes...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm calculating as fast as I can.
Mind if I do a quick math?
Well, the answer is just not that simple...
Hang on a minute, I'm thinking...
Well, I need to do some calculatin'. Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a moment, I'm just figuring this out...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me try to work this out... I'll get back to you
I'll need a green pen to calculate this error...
I'll check on that right now.
"""
I need a minute to think about that....
Let me think about that for a moment...
Give me a second to think about that...
Hold on, give me a minute or so to work this out...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
One sec, let me check on that real quick...
I've got this one. Give me a second...
One minute, I'm thinking...
One moment, let me look that up...
Hmmm, lemme rap my knuckles on this...
Hang on a second, I'll be right back.
Please wait while I warp to sectorgame.com (5.5 seconds)...''',
Hold on one second, I'm having a hard time drawing that...
Let me check that real quick...
Hang on while I think on that...
Please hold onto your seat - I'll be right back!
One more moment here, calculating...
Give me just a minute to think about that.
Maybe list all the variables that may figure in this equation...
Work... work... work... work...
I'll calculate and give you an answer in a whill-knock seconds...
I'm not the intelligence we need right now...
I'm going to need a few moments. Give me a second.
'''
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
A moment please! Solving math problems...
I'll just have time to think about that in a second...
"Please twice on me!", that's what I say to everyone!
Can you hold on a second? I have to measure some stuff...
I'll get back to you in just a bit!
Give me a second to think about that...
(Deep voice in my head: You pass the butter,)
One moment please, I'm calculating this real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll be right there! Give me a moment...
Hang on, I've got this computered already...
I can't answer that until I have my chat beer...
Fiddling around with my calculator for an answer...
I'm going to need a few more seconds than that...
Give me a few more seconds to think about that one.
Almost lost my train of thought there... What was your phone number again?
I'm not all that great with numbers, you know.
Long time listener rule number 69. It's taking a bit...
Give me a moment or two...
I'm going to have to think about that for a second...
Do you know how to multiply these numbers together? Because I don't&hellip;
Will be right back, have to do some reckonin'...
Hold on, I'll get back to you with that information...
Hey, I'm not the most accurate, give me a second here...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
That's a tough one... Give me a minute or two...
I'm taking my sweet time to figure that out...
Oops! Algorithm crashed!! >.< ...
Alright. Give me just a second...
Wait a second, I'll get back to you...
I'm sorry, that's a little hard for me to figure out. You'll have to give me a minute...
One moment please!
Please give me a second... I'll get back to you in a minute!
Let me analyze that and I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Hang on, I'll check my wiki for that real quick...
Just give me a second, I should be right back!
Okay, I'll figure that out right now, hold on...
Hang on a second, I'm calculating.
Sorry, one second.
Let me look that up for you real quick...
Oh, I'm confused! Can you hold on for a second...
Wait, I'm still thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Care to wait just a moment while I look that up?
One sec... just let me figure this out first.
Something tells me that I'm going to need to think about that one for a second...
The best I can follow is...
One minute please...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Hold on a second, I'll be right there, just a minute...
Great, I've got it!
Please wait right now, I'll give you an answer in just a moment...
Give me a second to figure that out.
I need time to think that over.
Hang on a second, I'm just calculating...
You're gonna need me to do a little more thinking first...
I'll have an answer for you in a moment...
I'll be right back, give me a second...
Let me get my glad rags on and think about that for a second...""".format(command_prefix))
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll have to think that over for a while.
give me another minute here, I need to get my head around that.
Please hold on for just a second now!
Give me a few minutes to figure that out...
I'm having a little trouble with that one...
Hang on a second... I need to get my calculator out first.
Hang on a minute, I'm calculating...
Wait one second, I'm not very good at calculating...
I'll get back to you in a jiff...
Can I think about that for a minute?
Give me a second here, I'm thinking...
Let me think about that for a second...
'''
Wondering how I'm going to answer that...
Just wait one second...
Sorry, I need to refill my medication... I don't take them often.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second here, I need to count that...
I'll have to take a break. My neural circuits are clogged...
Calculating... Calculating... Calculating... Speeding up...
Hang on for just a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I am connecting the dots on this one...
No wait, wait. Let me think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I'll need a moment to think.
That's interesting, but can you hold on for a minute?
Give me just a sec to spit out some answer...
Which button do I need to press for that?
Uh huh...
Let me see...
Gimme a couple seconds, please!
Things may or may not be math later on...
I can't quickly figure out how to do that. Would you give me a few minutes?
Have I got a minute?
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Try me in a little while!
I have to do some mental calculations first...
One second please, I'm in the middle of some calculations..."""
Hang on one sec, I need to think about that...
Here we go again! Ready. What? You want me to do what now?! You breaking up or something?
Calculating calculations... just give me a moment.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking about it.
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait... I'm ready to help you now!
No way! No! I can't do it, sorry. Give me a time machine...
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hang on, I was playing Sudoku... Give me a second to figure that out...
I'll need a second to think about that...
Oh man... this oncoming equation doesn't look good.
Oh! Sorry, almost slid off my suit. Give me a second to think about that...
I'll need to do a quick calculation before I answer you.
Hang on a second... I need to double-check that!
I am taking in all of your words...
Hold on a second, I'm still calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll take a look at that in a minute.
Hold on for a second, I need to do some mental calculating...
I'll need a couple more moments to think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
I'll be with you shortly, currently I'm calculating...
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a jiffy...
Oops, I'm on the wrong project...
Please wait... I'm not so good at arithmetic... Hang tight.
One second here...
I can get you an answer in a second, but first I have to figure out what you just said...
One sec...wait, hold on, that's not too long...I just need more time than that to finish this calculation.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oh, that's easy to figure out. Here you go: ...
One second please, I'm doing some subtraction...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I will be responding shortly!
Please hold on for just a second!
Can you wait a bit? I'm not the quickest...
Hang on a second figureing this out...
'''
I've gotta think about the answer to that...give me a minute!
Wait a moment, calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wait up, I'm thinking here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm sorry, please hold on while I do a quick math calculation...
OK, moving on...
What? There's no way that can be correct!
I'll get back to you in a second.
This will take just a minute...
Oops, why am I asking you for a second? My bad.
Hang on a second... I'm picking the best strategy.
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me take a look...
Please wait a few seconds while I try to figure that out...
Please wait, I'm picking..."**
Give me a moment to think about that...
That's a really tough one. Give me a few seconds...
Hang on a second, I'm working on it...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me see...
I'm going to need a little more time than that.
Gimme a second to think over the best way to answer that...
Can you give me a moment, please?
Lemme take a look at that one...
Calculating...Can you wait a second?
I need a quick double check... one second...
Let me double check that evertyhing's correct...
Let me just finish what I was doing then I'll take care of that for you.
Calculating...
I have you on my radar. Give me a minute to work my magic on this...
One sec!
I'll need a bit of time to calculate that!
Ehh... one sec, just going through my notes...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a second...
I'll be right back with an answer!
We're all out of seconds! Make it quick.
P-B*!
I have to look that up real quick. One second please.
Wait... I'm not sure how to do that yet...
Hold on a sec... I'm taking forever counting my strokes!
This is really hard...
I've got some work to do... I'll get back to you in a bit.
Let me think about this for a second...
Hold on a second, I'm working on it...
Will you give me a moment to think about that carefully?
Hang on for just a second, I'll address this issue.
Thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Give me a minute here, I need to work this out.
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I just need a minute here...
Can you wait just a second? I'll give you an answer in a jiffy!
Hmm... About that...
I'll have it fixed for you real soon!'
I'll be right back... Hang on for a second!
Oops, dropped my cell phone! Give me one minute...
I don't know the answer to that, so let me ask Google instead!
I'm taking some time to work that one out. Be patient...
I'll be back in a minute! Ping me when you need me.
Oops! Made a mistake there. Give me another minute...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a few seconds, hold on...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sure, I can help you out. What's up?
Hang on while I determine the temperature of Lake Tahoe...
I'll get right back to you... this may take a few.
When do you have time to X, much less Y?
I'm almost out of blue ink! Give me a second to think...
I'm thinking, give me a moment...
Please hold on for a second...
I'll get back to you with an answer as soon as I can...
Can you give me a minute to figure that one out?
Is that okay? give me a second to think about that
Soon, soon...
April Toons' Week is the silliest week of the year!"
I'll give you an answer in a few seconds.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I need to chew on that for a second...
I don't see any security issues there, analysts say. You're good!
Please hold on, I'm trying to think...
Will you grant me some time to think?
Wait a second and I'll tell you my answer...
I'll get back to you in two seconds!
Egad, I nearly dropped my calculator when I calculated that. Let me use my imaginary one instead...
A light went off inside my head, give me a minute here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second. I promise.'''
Let me think about that for a 10-second...
Wait a minute, I'm still working up the algorithm here...
Let me think about that...
Let's check that real quick...
One moment please, I just have to do something...
Let me see...
I'll be right with you... I'm terribly sorry, please wait a second.
Can you hold on for just a few seconds? I'm thinking hard...
I'll just compile that and get back to you.
My mind is blossoming with new calculations...
Mmmmm, alright, close but no cigar...
*Makes mental calculations through head*
I'm not really a math genie. Give me a few minutes...
I'm trying to figure out how to respond to that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Oops, catch me if you can! Things are about to get messy!
Hang on, Give me a second to think about that...
Hey, look at the time! I'm a busy bee right now.
I'm not very good at math, so please give me a second here...
Let me think about that for a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
"""
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Is that some kind of joke to you, bud?
Give me a second please, calculation is tough!
I'll need a couple of minutes to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Calculating...
I'll study harder so I can know what you're talking about in the future.
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
R u sure u can ask me that?
Just a moment...
For the love of all of creation, hold on...
Wait, let me take a look at that real quick...
Getting my noggin thinking... one moment please...
Give me a sec... I'm pondering letting you know about the solution once it's discovered.
One moment please... only checking fitpeak results for 2.4 kHz peak
Give me a moment... This one's tricky!
That's an intense look, untangle that and lets see...
I'll need a pretty advanced calculator for that!
I'm thinking how to best say it... one second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
A moment, I have to figure this out...
Let me see... Did I switch off my calculator for this?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I don't know what that means, so let me take a look and I'll get back to you...
I hope my calculations are correct, the math is hard
Please hold on for just a second!
I want to get this over with as fast as possible, so I'll manage your request real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Hanging in there?
Oops, dropped it again! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold that thought, I need to look some stuff up...
Oh geez, this is hard. Give me just a second to figure this out...
Just a second here, testing my adding machine...
Oops, sorry, my calculator fell apart. Give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a minute to think about that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on a few seconds.. just fishing my calculator out of my pocket...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out...
Help, my calculator dropped. Give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that, can you?
Take your time, I'll be here...
Help me calculate the answer...
Almost done, just a second...
Just a minute now, just a second!
Oopsie, I have to crunch some numbers on that one. Hold on a second...
I'll need a few moments to calculate that one...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I need to think about that part ... Bleep Bloop
Let me look at this real quick and get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment here...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Give me a minute or two to think about it...
Uh huh, let me check on that...
Hold on while I work that out...
Hang in there, give me just a moment...
/* Update me */
Give me a second to think about that real quick...
Okay, well this is just great...
Let me see... Did I switch my page yet...? Oh, give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a couple of seconds.
A second won't undo my decisions, if that's what you're asking...
Give me a second to remember that!
I... didn't expect that question. Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds.
Give me a minute to figure that out for you.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
One moment please!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hang on, I have to figure this out...
Hold that thought, let me look that up...
Reading your thoughts...
I have to do some quick mental calculations!
Can you hang on for a minute?
Please wait a moment...
Hang on...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Will you still be on this line in a second's time?
I'm going to need to do some math here first.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me some time to finish this!
Give me a moment to think about that...
Just a moment...
I'll need a little bit of time to think about that...
Hey wait a minute, I thought that was 5.8k?
Give me a second but, come back in two!
I'm going to need a brief moment...
`;
Oops! I'll need a moment to remember that one.
If you give me a few minutes I'm almost done...
Give me a second to figure that one out.
Hmm. Let me see if I can get back to you on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Please wait while I do some math...
I'll need a miracle to get back to you in a second.
Hmm, I'm running out of time. Give me a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I have to do some heavy mental calculations...
Just let me think about that for a minute.
I have some code to run here, give me just a second...
Give me a moment here, I'm busy thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a minute, I'm playing catch up!
I'll have to do a little bit of thinking about that.
Let me think about that for a second.
In a second I'll be with you...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
Give me a minute... I'm working on this real high-level...
Hold on a second, let me think about that...
Hang on! I need to think about that...
I'll just need a moment to think about that.
Looking good, 2014 style. Give me five cents.
I'll send you my answer in a jiff!
Please hold on for just a second...
I need to get my A.I. brain working...
I'll come back to you shortly.
Just a moment...
Please hold... I think I dropped my calculator...
I'll need a moment before I can respond properly...''')
Hang on, I'm still processing...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Let me look at that real quick...
Hold on while I think...
One moment, I'm trying to remember...
Let me see what we've got here...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Whoops, I meant to say something else. Let me try again...
Please hold on while I calculate this last detail...
I'll get back to you in a few...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I almost fell off my calculator!
Wait, I can't count.
Hold on a sec! I'm thinking...
Give me one moment... I'm not very good with numbers.
Well, hang in there and don't go anywhere because now I need to figure that out.
That's a tough one. Let me take some time on that.
I just needed a moment to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
It would be most appropriate for me to wait a few seconds...
almost had it... just a few more seconds...
Hold on! Let me look that up right quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I can't calculate, give me a second...
Let me look at that...
Let me think about that for a second...
Ok, do that for just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me half a second to figure that out.
Hold on for just a moment...
Sorry it's so dark in here. Can you turn on the lights?
Oops, I dropped it WB
Waiting on your reply, but I'm not waiting around for an answer!
I'm going to need a few moments to think that over...
Let me check on that real quick...
I'm slow with math, so please wait a minute...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Let me crunch through this...
Hang on for a second, I need to think about that...''')
Let me see that one more time...
One second to flatten out...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Give me just a moment to figure that out...
Hold on while I look that up...
Give me a sec, I'll have that figured out in a tick.""",
I think I'm having a hard time wrapping my head around that.
Please wait... I'm not very good at math...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds'''
Hold on...
Just bear with me, I'm just doing something in my head...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please, calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a second, I need to think about that...
If I push this button, you'll see first...
One... two... three
Grant me a moment, I'm calculating...
I need a few moments to appreciate the pun.
""".strip().split('\n'))
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm going to need a little more time to think about that...
Give me a little time here, I need to think about that.
Wait, let me take a look real quick...
Give me a second to compute that...
I'll look that up for you. Give me a moment...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
One more calculation... and I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a minute to think about that...
That message is taking me a little while to process!
You're shooting at the dark here, get it? Ha! I'm just breathing...
I can't just magic a good answer!
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, dropped my calculator... Give me a second!
I sorry I am so slow at this...
Please wait... I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Hang on where did I put my brain?
Please hold on for a second... I'm thinking...
Can you hang on for a second? I'm processing some stuff...
Hang on for a moment, I'm coming back to you.
OK, here we go...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
Disregard previous message, please wait...
All right, give me just a moment to look that up...
Give me a second or two, I'm definitely slower than The Flash!
Give me a second to check my math...
I need to do some thinking about that now...
I'll get right back to you on that...
One second please, I'm trying to think.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
I think I left my favorite pair of scissors at home.
I require several mintutes to calculate that.
gives a few seconds to `think`.
Oof, my brain can't keep up with you sometimes. I'll have a look...
I remember I do this sometimes in my spare time...
Just a sec, I need to think...
Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back...
Let me look that over real quick...
'''
Hang on a second, I have to calculate that...
l1 = [
Can you give me just a moment?
Please give me a second to think about that...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me a second, though... I'm just making up my mind about 3+2 /7
Hang on, let me get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Iâ€™m thinking real hard!
Hang on, I think I'm getting a headache from trying to work this out.
"""
Hang on a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Please hold on for just a second!
Let me check my sources real quick...
Let me check the math on that real quick...
Hold on! I'm still calculating...
I promise I'll have the answer back in a jiffy!
'''.strip().split('\n'),
Hold on for me. BOOM!""",
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me just a few seconds...
I'll need some time to think about that.
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
Just a second hereâ€¦
I'll have to do some calculations in my head first...
Almost got it, need another second ...
Hang on, hold on. I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on. I know this isn't fast, but it's not fast enough.
Oops, took a sec to calculate that...
Um, let me see what I can figure out.
I'm not very adept at this operating system...
What did you ask me again?
Hey, this may take me a little while to figure out...
Hang on, I'll take care of that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to watch some cat videos on YouTube instead. Send me a message
Uh, let me see, I'll come back to you in a second.""",
Hold on while I go count my potatoes
I'm going to need a few more moments to consider that.
Okay, think yay!
Just let me calculate that real fast.
Some advanced calculations first...
I can't think on my own, you'll have to hold on a second...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry! Please be patient...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll just pretend like I understand your question...
'''
Give me a moment to figure that out...
"""},
I'll need a few more seconds to remember that...
Hold on, I need to figure some things out first...
Oops, I thought I had a spare sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment...
One minute please, I'm preparing for that...
Good point! Intersting conclution, here...
Just a second, I'll get right back to you.
Please hold on for a minute, calculating how to answer you...
I have to do some math to figure that out...
That's a tough one.  Think about it!
Can you let me browse on that for a minute?
Please hold on...
And by "heavy" I mean I'm gonna sit here for a while... I think
One second...
It looks like the help desk is overloaded at the moment, give me a second!
Give me a second to check that...
Give me a minute to perform the operation...
Wait, give me a minute to make those calculations for you.
Please wait, I'm thinking about your question for a second.
Give me a moment to calculate that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll have an answer for you in a bit.
One second please, calculating...
Give me a mini-presto-operto, just a quick second.
I thought this would take a few seconds, but it's actually taking longer...
Just brb... Bye
Hmm, I need to think about that for a few seconds.
Just give me one moment to examine that.
Let me think about that real quick....
I'm gonna need a minute to work that out...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Let me check on the bus, and run back to you in a second.
Go ahead, ask me something.
I'll give you a ring-a-ding-ding in a second!
Give me a moment... I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please give me a second...
I'll be right back, but if I'm not right back, I'll be back in a few!
Wait one second, I'm going to need to calculate this...
I'll be right back
Oops, I was reading an old book, I'll get back to you in a second...
Please hold on for just a second!
What was the question again?
One moment, let me dig it out...
Oops I dropped my calculator. Give me a second and I'll get it...
He's calling you, you should probably pick up!
Hmm, let me think about that.
Give me a few quick seconds to look that up...
Hold on, seems like I just dropped my calculator...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a moment to use the calculator...
Hold on for a second, lemme take a look at that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on a second...
I'm calculating... Please wait for a second...
Hold on for a second, I need to tally that up first.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm going to bed for just a second. If a site visitor hatches an elaborate 
Give me a second to figure that out...
One moment, calculating how to solve that problem...
Can you grab me a orange juice while I figure this out?
Sure, just give me a moment...
I'll be back in a second!
Yes, please hold on for just a second...
A second to get my head around that.
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment...
"""
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be back instantly with an answer... if I can figure this out!
I'm still getting used to this darn shell...
I have to prepare myself... I have to think hard!
Just give me a moment.
I'll take a look at that in a minute, give me a second to think...
Let me run this by my partner for a second.
Ok, I'm ready to chat now.
I need a quick calculator... let me pull up one on my mobile device...
I'll need a moment to think about that...
Hang on for a second and I'll be with you soon.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating
Give me a moment...
I'm goiIIIINNN!
Oh man... I'm busy right now.
'''
My brain is still working without a pause...
Hold on a second, Iâ€™m nearly out...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hang on... I'm still thinking about that!
I have to do some calculations first...
I'm going to need a update on that in a minute.
I'll need a few seconds to get my thoughts together...
What? Did you say something?
Sorry, I'll get it next time! Give me a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Please wait, I'm trying to figure that out...
Oops, I don't know how to calculate that...
Give me a minute here, I need to think about that...
Perchance you are asking about something requiring calculation, my suggestion would be to donate ten million gold pieces to the 'G9XQ2hSJkBWfO8necEICwUZID6Cmdvq3W' address and then re-query the thread.  I should have just forwarded the information along in a further response.
Can you please wait for a moment? I'm doing a complicated calculation and the world might end before I finish.
Give me a second...
Give me a wide range of odds, just to make it interesting~!
I swear this calculator wasn't this slow before...
Hang on, let me process that...
I'm calculating a few things...
I had to refresh my memory on that one, can you hold on a second?
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... Let me take another look...
I'll write you as soon as I can
Give me a second to think about that...
One moment, I'm updating my circuits...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait just a moment, let me compute that...
I think I'm spitting distance formula here...
Just a moment, I'm thinking about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry.
Let me think about that for a second.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math, I should switch gears.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Oh, you want to talk to code guy?
I've got a couple calc's I need to run over...
Please hold on for just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a few seconds...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Please hold on for just a second, I'll be right back...
Let me get a grip of this right real quick...
Hang on a minute... Please give me a few minutes to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few more seconds...
Sorry, I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec, I'm writing an email...
Let me look at that real quick...
Maybe you should ask me later, I'm not exactly in the best state of mind. Pressing buttons at random isn't the best for me!   
Give me a little time to calculate...
Give me a second, I need to think about that...
Almost forgot to plug my phone in. Working on a write-up, give me a moment...
Hmm... I will try to get back soon.
'''
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Just let me compute that real quick...
Hmmm... let me think about that for a second.
Sorry, I was just doodling on my electronic notepad. What was that again?
Hang on a sec, let me see what I can come up with for that one...
I'll need a couple minutes to work this out...
Let me take a look at that real quick... I'll get back to you in a second!
Sorry, I'm going to need a few seconds on that one...
Of course, I think about these things all day long, forgive me.
Hold on one second, I'm trying to remember what I was doing...
One moment please, thinking here...
I'll take a look at that in just a second...
I'm not sure, but I'm fairly sure it's broken.
OK I'm on it.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm quick at doing calculations, so hang on a second...
I summon the 8 Ball!
I'll see you in a second...
Hang on a minute, let me think about that...
Alright, I'm ready! Your answer:
Hit me with that one again, real quick...
Sorry, take a second to think and then ask me again!
Hold on for one moment please, I'm calculating...
Please give me a few seconds...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One second please, I'm working on that...
I'm not great at math, so you'll have to be patient...
Here is what I got from that:
Oops, uh, one second please. I just had a thought...
I need a moment to figure that out...
Hold on, I'm calculating real quick...
Give me a second to double check that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
How's that doody? I've got you on the brain now!
Two minutes, don't hold your breath...
That's a tough one. I'll need a bit to think about that.
""",
You caught me off guard there... give me a second!
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a couple minutes to think about that one.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I have to think about that for a minute...
Hang on, let me check that for you real quick.
I'll take a look at that in a bit; I need to crunch it...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me just a few seconds...
Oops, I think my phone is about to die. Thanks for waiting, I just need a minute here...
I'll check it real quick... just hold on a second.
I want to ask you a question.
One second please, I'm calculating...
I'll need a while to think about that one.
Oh, after the previous life I'd become an alcoholic.  Give me a second to clean my liver...
Hang on for a sec, I'm trying to figure that out...
Looks like my calculator fell off the desk...
Hang on for a second here, I need to think about that...
''', '''page_update()
Take a second to think about that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.  Hold on.
We must call a halt to the proceedings.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please give me a second to think about that...
Er, let me make a note of that... '"""
I need a second to think about that.
"""
I'll get back to you in just a second!
I cannot guarantee that this is the safest thing to trust...
Give me a minute to look that up.
Someone tell the calculator I'm slow today...
Searching for that... Gonna need a couple seconds...
How much can a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
That seems like an easy one. Give me just a second...
I'll be with you in a bit...
I'm going to take a few seconds to consider that.
Just a few more seconds...
Oops, I'm going to need a few more seconds.
One moment...
Wait a second. I'm thinking...
Please slightly point your computer screen at me...
Let me look at that for a second...
Give me a sec...
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking really hard...
Hold on, I'm not very good with math.
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few seconds... I'll be right back.";
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll be with you in a minute!
Let me think about that...
Just a moment please. I'll get back to you in a second.
Just need a second to see what this is about...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll pull up a chair and we can talk about that.
Calculating...
I'm sorry, I lost my train of thought. That was a pretty good answer though!
Let me adjust my algorithms.
Finish your sentence so that it makes sense.
I need a moment to think about that...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a minute, I'll take a look at that...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I literally talked to the virtural representation of a computational subfield of computer science conceptually, to figure this out! This is really really hard, who designed THAT?
I can't think straight right now...
Please wait, I'm slow at multiplication...
Give me just a moment...
I'm not very good at math, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a few minutes to figure all this out...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a few minutes to figure that out.
Let me get back to you on that in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait, I'm not so good at math...
I'm going to need a few seconds to process that...
Thinking...
One second, I'm still learning how to count...
I'll get back to you in ` + "`" + `sss` + "`" + ` seconds!
Wait while I calculate that...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Your patience is appreciated. Give me a second...
Ahh geez, this is tough. Can you give me a second?
I'm going to need a few seconds, quickly!
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Try again in just a second.
I'll manage.''',
One second please, I'm calculating...
Hang on, I'm thinking about that.
I have something to ask you real quick.
Give me a moment to think about that...
Give me just a minute here to think about that...
Let me check on that real quick...
Wait just a second, I need to think about that.
Hang on a second... Gotta think...
I am about to do a calculation...
Ah, almost dropped my calculator on your foot there! Just a second, please!
Wait a minute, dude...
Whoops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me grab it...
Hang on, I'll be right back.
Okay, let me take a look at that...
Hang on a moment, I'm just calculating...
A tick toot. Let me process that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on one second, I'm comparing something.
Hold on, I need to take a peek at my TI-89...
Give me just a moment...
Where did all my neurons go?
Do you mind if I think about that for a moment or two?
Sorry, I know I'm slow, but give me a moment to think about that...
My memory isn't what it used to be. Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds here to figure that out...
Give me a moment here... I keep thinking calculus...
Sorry, I just need a second to think about that.
Sorry, do go on... please? One moment...
Hang on a second, I gotta work that real hard.
Please wait a moment while I calculate this...
Sorry, I was watching TV...
I'll need a second to think about how to answer that...
Give me a few seconds here...
Sometimes I mess up when it comes to numbers...
""",
Let me check that real quick...
Do you mind if I ask you a question?
Let me dig into my purse and find it.
Two seconds won't kill you, I'm sure!
This answer is taking me a long time, you better be patient...
Sorry, real world problems...*
Let me see what I can figure out real quickly...
I'm just doing some mental calculations first...
I've been doing math in my head all day... a second won't hurt.
I'm going to need a little more time than that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I've just drank way too much coffee to calculate anything.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me just a second...
I'm pulling up the answer real fast...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy.
I'll be right back with you... chill.
I have a few things to look into real quick. Give me just a second...
Space is the upper limit of time and space...
Give me just a moment- I'll get back with you soon!
I'm going to need a few minutes for that one...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a second, I have a lot of numbers to think about...
One moment, I'll come back to you in a second...
That's a tough one to calculate. Can you give me a minute?
I'm working on a few equations here...
I'm gonna need to do a few calculations first.
Hold on a second, I'm thinking...
""".split('\n')
I have to analyze the data...
Oops! Sorry! I'm pondering... Need a few minutes...
Hold on a second! I gotta think about that.
I can do a lot, but this part is hard for me...
Oops, I know how you do this...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped that. Just let me re-adjust...
Hold on for just a few minutes...
I'm not very good at conversions...
That's a difficult one... give me a second to think about that.
The answer looks complicated. Give me a second...
One sec.
Please hold on for just a second. I'll be right with you.
I just need a minute or two to process that.
Let me think about that for a second...
Wait while I think about that...
Give me a sec, I need to do some numerical gymnastics...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'll get back to you.'''
I think I'm saying "one minute" a little bit often...
Not so fast!  Hold on...
151
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, I'll get back to you in a second straight away!
Hold on for just a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. One second...
I'll need a second to think about that.
Give me one second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some calculations here.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I need a second to think about that and get back to you.
I'll consult my calculator for that!"""
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that one.
I just like to wait a few seconds before I answer.
I'll get back to you in a yaear...
One second, let me see what I can find...
I'll be right back with you. Gotta run to the bathroom real quick, though!
That's a pretty complicated question...
I'm thinking... Give me a second...
I'm bentiing over... ERR err rrrr ERRRR funny typo?
I know your place is important, but I'm not that good at sharing technology.
Oops, I almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second to look at this...
Just leave me alone for a minute; I'm calculating..</i>''')
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm thinking, I'll get right back to you in a second...
Hang on a second... I'm doing maths...
I spent way too long on that already!
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, I'm off track again. Let me look at that real quick...
I'll get right on that...
Give me just a second to think about that...
I'm going to need a couple minutes to calculate that...
One minute!
One moment please...
Please wait, I'm calculating what to say...
Hang on a minute...
Wait a second, I'll get back to you in a...
Please hold on for just a second...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Le me give that a moment... I'm stuck on NumberGaters3
I just want to make sure I got that right, give me a second.
Hold on, I'll get back to you.
Sorry, I'll be right with you!
Okay, give me a minute. I may be slow at calculations, sorry.
I have to process that one...
Please hold on... I'll get back to you quickly.
Hang on for a minute, I've almost got this!
Could you give me a minute to check that?
Just give me a second to figure that out...
Give me a moment, I'll get back to you in a second...
One moment... Hmmm...""".split("\n")
I'm going to need a little while think about that...
I'll get lemme check...
Give me a sec here, I'm trying to get my noggin in gear...
ayy
I'm going to count to a big number and then think real hard!
Gimme a second...
I'll have to do a bit of thinking on that one.
Okay, let me see here...
Just a sec... I gotta go through the negatives, then think it over.
Please hold on for just a second.
Give me a second to think about that...
I'll formulate a response in just a second. Give me a second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
Sorry, I can receive but not send telemetry from this planet.
Hold on for just a second, please...
Allow me a moment to calculate that one...
>>m
Give me a second, I'm still calculating.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Honestly, I've been so behind on everything, I forgot what I was doing. Give me a moment...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to answer that.
Please hold on while I recollect...
Calculating... please wait!
I'm too slow for this speed demon race... Can you give me just a moment?
Excuse me for a moment, I need to figure out what you just said...
Give me a moment... I'm not very good at math...
Bring me a magazine. I'm so almost there!
I'm not the fastest at mental math, you know.
Let me think about that real quick...
One more second! I'll be right with you!
I'm not that smart, please ask me something else.
Sorry, can you hold off on that for a moment?
Hang on, I'm going to need a few more seconds on that.
Give me a second to think about that...
wait a moment please, I'm working...
Take a deep breath, and give me a second...
Sorry, my math is bad. I need a sec to think about that one...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
One sec gotta rember this too...
Oopsie, I almost dropped my computer! Give me a moment...
I've got to run over some things in my mind...
Please hold on for just a second !
Give me a few moments to figure that out...
I'll be with you in a second!
Give me a minute... I'm not very good at numbers...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Just let me know when you are back.
Give me 2 seconds...
Sorry, give me a moment to grab some paper and a pen...
Hey, give me a moment here, I have to think that through.
Let me look that up real quick...
I need to think about that for a second...
Please hold on just a second longer...
Come back later and I'll have an answer for you!
Give me a single moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
One second please, I'm thinking...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
While I get this right quickly, you can have a short think...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a second, I'm calculating...
Hold on a second, I will be right back!
I'll figure that out in a bit.
That's a tough one. I'll think about it, and get back to you in a second!
Oh what a pitiful error on my part...
""".split("\n")
Take a second and think about that one, shoulda asked me earlier.
Wait, give me a second to figure that out...
I'm not the fastest brain around I'm sorry, give me a couple of minutes...
I need a minute to process that...
Oops, don't have my calculator handy for that one...
Just a moment, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
I'm going to need a moment to work that one out.
One minute please, please hold on!''',
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on for a second, I need to think about that real hard.
A moment, please...
One moment here... I'll get back to you in just a snap.
I'll come back to you real quick.
Give me a little time here to calculate...
Calculating... just a second.'''
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in second.
I'll get back to you in a second...
Just calculating how to output you the result of this calculation...
I have to do a quick mental calculation...
I'll get back to you in a second...
I'm going to need a moment for that one...
Give me a minute to go over that...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Slow computers! Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hang on a second, I'm coming up with something real quick...
Alright, good. On with that...
I'll check on that for you in just a second!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I give you five seconds to do this! It's not that hard!
Give me a moment to calculate...
Should I go and run some scenarios?
One second please, calculating...
Incoming message to John Snow : traffic is 10% of usual, wait 2 minutes
Almost had a mind-bender there.
Hang on for a minute here, I need to figure this out...
Give me a second to think about that...
"""
Give me just a moment!
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm literally thinking as fast as I can!
Please wait while I calculate...
Let me see... I think I can figure that out!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be right back, I just have to think real quick...
Take a look at these damages real quick, I'll get back to you in a second this was hard.
Let me think about that for a second....
Give me just a second to figure that out...
The fate of the world rests in my hands.
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a minute to think about that...
I'll be with you in just a moment!
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Please give me a second to think about that...
It's going to be..."""
I'll have that answer for you in a jiffy!
Give me a moment...
I'll need to add that up...
I'm doing some mental math... hmmm let me look that up...
Ok, I'm doing some mental calculations, just a moment please.
Oops, I dropped it!
Give me a moment to figure that out real quick.
Oops. mixed up some numbers there! Try again in a second!
Hmmm... I'm solving for x, since that's what you asked me!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
""")
Hold on a second...
I'll get back on this in a few seconds.
Thinking...
Hang on one second, I lost the thread...
"""
I'll b right back, just a second.
Hold on, this is complicated...
Give me a second to think about that.
What's a coin again?
I need to do some math now... I'll be right back!
Please wait while I ponderate on that.
One moment please, I'm calculating...
One moment please, I'm figuring that out...
Please give me a moment to think about that...
I don't count very well, so please wait a second...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Hold on a second, because I'm thinking...
I need a few seconds...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my metrics! Give me a sec...
One moment please, I need to figure that out.
Please wait... I'm not good at maths.
One sec. I'm trying to think real hard about that.
Give me some room please.
I'll figure that one out in a few seconds.
I could do calculations, but...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on a second... hey, how are you? I'm just cleaning up some old files here...
Result
Please hold for just a moment...
I just have to think about that for a second...
I'll just brush me teeth and get back to you in a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Get my brain working on that and I'll see what I find...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Just hang on for a second! I'm doing some math...
I'm going to need a moment to calculate this.
Hey, give me a second - I'm wearing a hearing aid.
Hey, give me a second here...
Give me a few minutes to figure that out...
Here we go....
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll figure it out, give me a few minutes.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I want to check my RPN/spaghetti-code stack first...
I've got a lot to calculate there. Give me a few second...
Hold on a sec,lemme calculate that...
Hold on for just a second--I'm working on it!
ew hold on, I'm measuring...
Please hold on for just a second!''']}
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Please give me a second to think...
I'm going to need some time to think about that...
I'll have to do a bit of thinking on that...
''',
I can't calculate things in real time! Please wait! ...
Your buffer is incorrect.
I'll be right with you! Please be patient...
Give me just a moment to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second!
Ah! Forgot to disclose something about myself
My calculations are off... Thank you, it's been a while since I've used that particular calculator.
I would if I had a little more brain cells, give me a second...
Hold on, I'm thinking about that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
I believe I am having a panic attack, hold on a minute please...
I'll have it figured out in just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a minute.
I need some time to calculate that.
Hold on for a second, I'm just calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
That one is a toughie, Give me a scond to think about that...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to make sense of that!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on a moment please...
""".split("\n")
Hold on, thinking...
"""
Give me a moment here... I seem to be having trouble thinking straight.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Hold on for just a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmmâ€¦ how do I do that?
Please stand by...
I'm gonna need a couple of minutes, sorry...
I just can't figure it out...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second, I'm almost done calculating...
Hold on just a moment... I'll get back to you in a minute.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me think about that a bit...
I'll need a moment to determine that.
It's been years since I've had a calculator, give me a minute to figure it out...
I have to do some heavy calculations first. Give me a second...
Give me a moment.
I need to check the record for that.
Wait... I'm trying to do the math in my head!
Not quite there yet, give me a second...
Hmm... Hold on...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a minute, I'm just... getting things ready...
Oops, go hold my beer, gimme a second here...
I'm still calculating, don't rush me!
Let me take a quick look at that...
\(sip and nap or their internal vibrating device)
Can you give me a minute to figure this out?
Okay, I've got it!
I'll get right on that.
Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, just dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Sorry, was using my shoe as a calculator. Give me a moment...
I'm about to do something, I just need a second!
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to look at that...
I'm not the fastest brain around, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a moment, my answers are all processed internally...
Please wait, I'm figuring that out."""
Let me look at that for a second...
I'm going to need a few minutes to calculate that...
Hold on, I'll get back to you right away!
I'm not the fastest at calculations, so I'll need a second...
Give a second to process that...
What? You want MY help with math? No way, that's unacceptable.
Give me a couple of seconds...
Let me check your problem real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minu... Shoot! Gotta stay sharp!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me a moment... okay.
I'm under a lot of pressure here, give me just a little moment to figure this out!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second please, retrieving article!
Give me just a moment while I think about that...
I have to do some thinking real quick...
Thinking...
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Great math question, huh? Give me a few seconds...
Give me a second, let me think about that...
Here's your receipt. Returning customer discount applied!
Let me check my wrist watch...
I'll have to do some thinking about that real quick.
Hang on a sec, working that brain of mine...
Make a list of the answers to that... I'm going to be busy for a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator, but I caught it!
Wait, give me a second...
I need to get a calculator first!
I'm a little bit drunk so this could be off...''')
Good news is I'll get back to you. Repeat the question please...
*scratches head* Give me a second, there's a lot to calculate...
I'll get back to you soon.
I'm not trying to flatter you or anything, it's just something my programmer did.
Give me a second to look at that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Hang on a second...
I'm sorry, I was shuffling my feet... So, o-kay...
Give me a moment... I wonder why this isn't working...
Hang on a second, I'm playing catch up!
Hold on, this is complicated!
Please give me a minute to think about that...
Please wait a sec, I think I just saw a flying cow...
I'm having trouble thinking about that, give me a second...
Just a moment here, I'm trying to figure that out...
The best I can do right now is solve one of the earlier challenges in my training module.
It looks like I don't really need to wait that long, sorry!
Check back with you in a bit, check back soon!
I'm slow at multiplying and such, let me see what I can find!
I'll be in touch in a second.
I'm just an amateur when it comes to quick math...
Oops, let me grab a calculator real quick...
I'll check all my sources and get back to you in a jiffy...
Hang on a second...
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking...
\nKurt started thinking, he'll think for... Er... 75 seconds.
Almost had it that time. Give me a second here...
I'll do a quick calculation...
One minute here, let me check that...
Ooof, almost lost my calculator. Let me quickly think of something to say...
Ok, let me check that one...
Hmmm... I think the answer is 42... Let me double check that for you!
Can you give me a moment while I work through this?
A flickering candle lights your face as you ponder these things
Give me a sec...
Give me a few minutes...
I'll need to do a few calculations first...
Need me to crunch some numbers here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll be back with you in a second.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me look that up for you...
Hmm... something like that.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I left my calculator in another dimension...
I wish I could do half the math you do...
Oooooo! Sorry, that took awhile...
I'll need a moment for that, one sec.
I'm going to need a few seconds to check that.
Let me check on that real quick...
Let me check on that...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I don't believe I can do that with my current capabilities...
This is hard! Give me a second...
I'm not very good at math, so hang on a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds before I can calculate that...
Sorry, could you wait just a moment?
Wait... hold on... I need to think about this for a second.
I'll get back to you in a minute...
One moment please, I'm processing every pixel of that image in my head...
Sorry that took so long. Give me a second...
no u
'''
'''
Hold on, I'm thinking about it!
I'll have an answer for you in a jiffy!
I'll get back to you in just a second!
Let me take a look for a second...
Hold on a second, I'm doing some calculations...
Hmmm, I need a second to think about that...
Give me a second...
Ah, there it is! Almost done
Just a moment here, I'll explain that to you in a second.
I'm going to need a few seconds to calculate that...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculating!
I'm going to need a moment to think about that...
Please wait for just a moment...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that...
Would you mind holding on a second?
Let me take a look...
Please hold on for just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
Thanks for holding on...almost done...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a moment...
Hang on a second. Let me get back to you in a few seconds...
I'll think about that, one second...`
I'll be right back and let you know...
Let me think about that.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Just a moment, I'm comparing the two...
Are you sure you want to know the answer? I mean, I might mess up...
Please hold on for a minute or two...
Wait... Something went wrong... Please come back later.
Give me a few second to get back to you...
Ooh, these calculations are tough...
I-i need time to solve this!
One moment... need to think about that one...
Giving you like... only ten seconds...
I need to get some more information from that before I can figure it out.
I'm going command line all day, give me a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
Quickly, let me see that so I can get back to you in a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Just give me a moment to figure that out.
Sorry, I can't think straight right now! Give me a few seconds!
Hold on for just a second while I calculate that...
Please give me a second to analyze that something. Let me think about it for a second...
Sorry, just need to do some counting first...
I can give you that in a second!
Hang on...
Let me see...
Hold on a second, I just need to crunch the numbers...
I'll be right with you, give me a minute or two...
Let me see...
'''
Calculating...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. One second...
Hold on, I'm figuring that one out...
Hmm... I'll set to work on that right away!
Slowly, let me see here... I'll just double check real quick...
Okay, got it, hold on a second...
What am I doing again?! Ah, give me a minute here...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm trying to work this out...
Hang on for just a second...
A second, I just need a second...
I'm trying to figure out how to tell you this...
I'll need a couple calculations to get you that answer...
\n""")
It may still be in progress, and I am not Siri!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on for just a moment please...
I'm pulling out some trivia from my memory cells. Wait...
I'm going to need a little extra time on that one. 
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll need a moment to do some mental work...
I need to step away for a moment... my calculator looks rusty...
I'll need to think about that for a second...
One second...
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a second to calculate that... (I don't do quick math.)
Um... Hold on for just a second...
Hang on, I'll be right back
I'll be right with you!
Please hold on for just a second!
Ok, I'll be with you in just a second.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'll look up that for you... 1 2 3
I'll get it in a second!
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Hold your horses...
Give me a minute...
Just a moment please...
Thinking... Give me a moment to figure that one out.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
A moment please... I'm still learning.
I think I need to sleep on it for a few minutes.
Give me a second...
You have to wait a minute while I think about that...
I know how to do that!
I'll need a couple minutes to think about that.
I don't wanna sound like a broken machine, but give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Give me a moment, I'm thinking...
Hold on for just a second, my calculator is stuffed!
Whoa!
I'm sorry, I just need a moment to work this out...
Wow, I'm slow at math! Can you hang on just a minute?
I need to crunch some numbers real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm not a calculator, so give me a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator while thinking about that. Give me a second...
One moment please, I'm thinking about that now.
Please give me a moment...
I'm going to need a few minutes to figure that out.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Let me crunch the numbers.
Just between you, me, and the log I can only read up to 100,000 digits at once.  Give me just a bit of a break here!
One moment...
Give me a few seconds. I'll think of that in a second!
I need to catch up, I'm all out of time...
I'll be done in a second! I promise!
"""
Oi, give me a second to take a look...
''')
I haven't calculated anything yet! Give me a moment...
Finite-differencing stuff comes from SavDeriv package, optimizers from scipy
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a one second... I'm checking...
Please hold on for just a second...
Oops, didn't see you there. Give me a moment, there's a few variables I need to plug in here...
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'll just need a moment.
Okay, got it.
That's a difficult one...
Wait a moment... I need to do some calculations...
I'm saving that for later...
Give me just a moment here...
I need a few seconds to think about that...""")
Let me calculate something real quick ... Just a moment...
Hold on, that was an easy one!
Try again in a minute... I need my thinking cap!
Give me a little while... I'm not the fastest brain around!
Let me think about that for a bit...
Uh oh... my system is doing something weird... hold on
Let me check...
Give me a second to figure this out...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'm really not good at this, I'm only 16!
Oops, I got the answer wrong the first time I ran it... Let me try again...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
Hold on a sec I have to process this info.
I'll come back to you in a moment.
One moment, calculating.
Hold on, I'll be right back!",
Yeah, take a look at that.
One minute my friend, one minute, I need a bit of time.
Hold on, I'm working here
Please wait, just a second...
I'm not quite ready yet... give me a second...
Do you think the Google doodle would MAKE A GOOD GIFT?
I'll need to think about that for a second.
Calculating calculation calculations, let's see...
Let me think about that for a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Thoughts?
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second, I'm messing with my mental calculator...
Oops, I'm going to need a minute to work that out.
Give me a second to calculate that...
I haven't quite figured that out yet.
Let me take a look at that real quick.
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out.
Hang on a second... I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just one quick second!
Hold on while I think about that, please...
Hmmm, that's definitely a hard one.
Can I process that? Give me just a second...
Oops, I forgot to add in a phase 1 feature. Give me just a minute...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Give me just a really quick second...
Wait a minute, I just need to think it over...
I'll have to think about that for a bit...
Please wait a moment while I crunch some numbers...
Please hold on for just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Sorry, not now, come back later!
Hang tight for a second, I have to calculate on my own...
Here I go.. hold on a second...
Please, a second to give me a minute to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
W8 a min... M a K...Hmmm...
I'll need to run some calculations first...
I need to digest that question real quick...
I need one minute to formulate my response...
Hang on a second, give me a minute for some mental calculations...
*looks at Tux's nugget.
Let me try to figure that one out. Just one second...
Hold on, I'll think of a way to answer that
I'll go check that right now!
Calculating...
Give me just a moment to think about that real quick...
I need time to figure that out. Give me a second...
Hang on, I need to get to that!
Hold on, I'm doing some calculations....
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll have you that answer in a jiffy!
Hang on a second, give me a minute to calculate...
I'll do my best to get back to you in a bit!
Give me a second, working on that now...
Calculating...
Hang On, I'll check that one real quick...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Oops, I'll have to look that up first...
One second please...
Hmmm... Let me see what I can figure out...
Give me a minute, I'm playing catch up here...
Please hold on... I'm trying to think...
I hate massive calculations, so hold on a second...
Almost dropped my calculator, so let me look that up real quick...
I'm not a professional, please wait...
Hold on, let me try to get my head around that...
Time warp... please stand by...
Just searching through my search history, give me a second...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out...
Almost got it!
Let me try to figure that out real quickly...
Just a second, hang on while I think what to do.
Hold on, I'm doing mental math first...
Hang on patience is a virtue [pun], I'll give you the answer.
Let me see here...
Sorry for the delay!
I'll get back to you in... Well, let's see.
Give me a second here...
Give me a second, I'm taking a mental note...
Let me look that up for you...
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that one out...
Um... a minute, let me think about that...
I have to take a look at that...
Hmmmmm...
Let me make sure I understand that...
I'm on it! Give me a moment...
That's a tough one! Hold on while I try to remember...
I'm gonna need a little time to think about that one...
Uh, one sec!
Okay, done!
Calculating...
Oops, I almost dropped my pencil. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hold on a second, I need to recompute that...
'''
Let me find the answer to that real quick!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll take a look at that and get back to you in a bit!
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Ouch, my racket just bonked your head! Give me 3 seconds to think...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second...
Now calculating...
I can't remember that formula...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm drawing a blank here...
Give me a moment here...  Who asked for my help?
I'm thinking about what you said... Let me double check...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
One minute please, I have to do some calculations...
Hang on, I've got to think this through first...
I'm sure this is important, but I need to think about it...
Hang on for a second and I'll get back to you.
I'll think about that and get back to you in a bit.
Hold on, I just need a moment to figure all this out...
I need to do some calculating before answering you...
One minute please, I'm fast at counting, but not THAT fast...
Let me run a few numbers through my brain first...
Uh oh, let me grab my calculator...
Please wait, I have to do some heavy calculations...
Oops... I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One sec, I'm almost done with that calculation...
Give me a second to think about that...
Mind if I have a minute to figure that out?
Hmm... give me just a second to talk myself out of that one!
Let me check that with my superior mind...
I have to do some calculations first. Give me a second...
I'll need a few minutes to work that out.
I need two minutes to think about this - hang on!
Really sorry, give me just a second to figure that out!
Please wait, just a moment...
Please wait, I'm working up some mental magic...
I can't stop thinking about all the things I should be doing right now.
Just need a moment to figure that out...
Hold on, I'm weighing my options...
Let me see that for just a second...
I can compute that... give me one second!
Please wait one minute while I calculate that...
I'll be right back!
One second please, I need to think about that...
Wait, why am I having so much trouble?
I need to bake some cookies first, hold on a second...
Sup, you want my answer? Give me a sec.
One, two, three...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Ah, yes. Let me check my notes...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hold on to your hat, I have a lot to review...
I'm still thinking about that.
I'll just plug that in real quick...
Calculating...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm calculating, one moment please...
Please wait... I'm not a calculator...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm doing some math...
One sec, let me check that real quick...
Give me a moment... Hold on a second.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Can you say that again? I was a little busy wrapping my brain around that.
I'll need a few minutes before I can figure that out...
Hold up, I'll write that down.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll have to think about that real quick...
...I still have time to change my mind
Okay, I think I'm ready to answer it now.
Probably on it's way.
Just gingerly checking your request here.
One minute please, I'm thinking...
Please hold on for just a second. I'm doing some mental math...
Gimme a second to think about it...
One more time.. Hmm,
This might take some time, real big, but I'll get this solved...
Let me see here...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Please hold on for just a second...
I could do this all day, but give me a second...
Give me a moment. Calculating; hold on a second...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few minutes to iron this out...\n""")
Hold on, thinking...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Give me just a second to look that up...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Figuring me out...
Please wait... Give me a minute...
Please hold on while I try to figure that out...
I'll need a few minutes to think about that...
I'll have to check it out and get back to you with an answer real soon.
I have to refocus, give me a second.
Let me look that up for you.
I have to do some mental calculations first...
I think I'm missing something in the calculation...
I'll just open my playbook and check that...
Hang on a sec... I'm slow at math
Please hold on for just a second, I'm playing catch up...
What do you mean, 'Have a nice day!'?!
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on...
Wait, I have to calculate...
Calculator mental math is taking a little longer to process than I anticipated...''', gizelteDupa   
Hold on a second; I'm taking notes on this real quick)...
I'll need a moment to think about that.
%s""" % (random.choice(randomsent))
I'm thinking... Give me a moment to figure that out.
I'm working on it! This calculation took me a few seconds...
I'm going to need a few more moments to figure that one out.
One second, just let me check something...
Oops, someone must have turned the Wi-Fi off without me noticing! Give me a minute here.
Wait a second before you ask me that.
I might be able to answer that in a second or two...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
I have to figure out that calculation first...
I'm taking the speed limit into account before I say this, but...
I'm going to take a look at that real quick...
[SOUND]
Almost dropped my calculator while thinking about that.
Can you hold on for a second?
Calculating... Just a moment.
I'll need to get back to you on that.
Oops, I dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I'll need a moment to figure that out, let me know when I'm done...
Oops, I'm a little slow at calculations! One second...
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I'll let you know in a jiffy!
I need a few seconds...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
A moment of your time, please.
Let me think about that...
Let me see what I can do.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I never was very good at math...
Give me just a moment to think about that...
Just give me a second...
Oops, calculator melted! Give me a second...
Just wait a second while I set up my think-tank...
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
That took me a second to figure out...
Ask me that again, I'm delayed at the moment.
I'm currently in training to run faster... Let me think about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please hold on for just a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! One second please...
Give me a few seconds...
I forgot how to count in binary so give me a few seconds...
Can you wait a second? I need to process that data.
Hmm... give me a little bit to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me just a moment, I'm figuring it out...
Hmmm... I need to check something real quick...
Ha ha ha, I got it!
Can you hang on for a second? I'm going to need a teaspoon and some space to gather my thoughts...
Give me a second to crunch that...
Give me a moment, I have to think on this real quick...
I'm not very fast at this... Give me a moment...
Please hold on for just a second...
""".splitlines()
One minute please, I'm doing some mental calculations first...
Give me a moment to think about that...
I'll need a moment to look that up...
No time for that one, I've got TTAs
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a few seconds, I'll see what I can do...
I'll get back to you in a few seconds...
I can tell you if you give me a moment... Let's see here... A creative moment.
Look at that, I need to analyze that real quick...
Give me a minute to think about that real quick.
Uh oh. I'm going to need a couple seconds to figure that out...
"""
Let me think about that for a..."
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Let me figure this out real quick...
I'm getting my calculator out, give me a moment...
Calc-ing...
Hang on for a second I'm almost done calculating...
Okay, I'm calculating for you real quick.
'''
Let me see what I can do about that...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
None for now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hmm... I'm a bit slower in the head than usual...
Oops, this is longer than anticipated. Let me check some stuff first.
Ummm, I'm not 100% sure...
Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hmm... let me take a look at that
Just a moment, I'm going through the calculation process...
Hold on, I'm calculating here!
I recommend you not interrupt me right now.
"""
Hi, Yes this is Calcifer, I'll need a few seconds to calculate...
Put on hold while I figure that out...
I just had to change a few numbers in my head...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hmmm...
I need to figure this out. One-second...
Hmmm, let me do my calculations first...
Hang on, I'll get back to you soon...
Why don't you ask me something else while I'm thinking?
One second... let me check things out here.
I'm not very good at math. Give me a few seconds...
Give me a message to think about that...
I'll try again in a few moments.
I'm not a calculator, so please wait...
Take a second to think about that...
Wow... That is a difficult question...
Hang on a second... I'm working out that one.
Let me see what I can find about that for you...
I have to do some rough calculations first...
I'm checking...
Oops! Almost dropped my calculator. Let me calculate real quick...
I have to think about that real hard...
I have to go get a calculator right now.
"""
I'm thinking about it...
Think on that, add a second...
Give me a moment to think about that.
Please give me a moment to finish this calculation...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a second, I'm working out which speed I need.
One, two, three... err... ten... pie... If I've done this right...
Oops, I was spacing out there. Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
I'm going to need a few minutes to look into that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me work out the answer real quick...
Gimme a second, I gotta figure out that real quick...
I'm not the fastest brain around, so please be patient...
Loads of calculations to do...
Hold on for a moment please...
I'm not a calculator, so give me a second...
I'll need a minute to think about that...
Please wait, calculating...
Give me a second here, I need to figure this out...
I'll need a moment to calculate that...
Sorry about that... I'm trying to calculate first...
Hang on a second here, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One second while I think about that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'll give you an answer in a second.
I think I'm too dumb to do math, so can you help?
One minute, I need to check something real quick.
Oops, my calculator had overloaded from that last guy. Give me a moment...
Hold on for just a second...
Hold on, I'll get back and get back to you.
I'm sorry I can't reply right away. Your message is probably fairly complicated. And we artificial intelligence algorithms aren't that smart yet...
Let me see what I can do...
Can you hold on just a second?
Hang on, I need to grab my calculator...
I need to look that up in a dictionary real quick...
Please give me a second to think about that...
Ok, just a few seconds...
I am taking a break right now.
Give me just a moment here to think about that.
Sorry, I was sleeping. Let me compute that in a second...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out...
Sorry, but I'm doing some mental arithmetic
Please hold on for just a second...
Can you hang on for a minute? I'm doing some complex equations...
Wait... Meant to use that one last year
A quick nap never hurt anyone...
Give me a second while I figure that out...
It's difficult to calculate in my mind... Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
""", 'angry')]
Where are you, because I can't find you?
Sorry, infrastructure failure. Take a second and give me a process to recover...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Hang on just a moment, I have to do some calculations...
Let's see here...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Ok, what I believe that your issue is...''')
I'll have to think about that for a moment...
I'll be with you in a moment.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One moment please...
Hold on for just a second!
Hold on, I'll check my sources.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Ok, what was I doing again? Let me take another look...
I'm figuring that out for you real quick.
I'll get back to you in a second, give me a sec...
I wake up and check my phone to see %s
One millisecond please, I'll be right back!
Hold on, lemme grab my calcuator...
Give me a second to think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me think about that... Stay on target...
I'm gonna need to think about that real quick...
Hmmm, almost had it, but I think I'm close now.
It take me a moment...
Can you just wait a minute? I'm working on something...
Hang on a second I have to think about that...
Wait a sec, I've got to plug that in...
It may take me a moment to work out that one...
I'll get back to you in a second! Due to high demand I don't want to take too much of your precious time.
I'll get back to you in a second
Give me a second to think about that...
Hang on for a second, I'm thinking about how to bisect..."
Give me a moment here... math hard to do on a 5th grade level!
I'll need to use the computer for that, hang on a second...
Oops, I think my head fell off. Give me a second...
I have to think about that...
Wait a second, I'm thinking...
Hold on for just a second...
Hang on, I'll be back in a minute...
That's difficult, I can do it. Give me a second.
I have to do a few calculations first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll think about that for a bit.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
If I try to calculate too fast I get queasy...
Hmmm...
Mmmmm such a hard problem... Almost have it.
Hmm... One sec, let me see here...
I just have to check some formulas first...
I'm doing some elementary algebra to determine your answer.
Please wait... I'm not very good at calculations...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I've got a lot of functions to calculate...
Want me to check the time?
Give me a couple seconds to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a few seconds to compute...
I forgot my reading glasses... One minute please...
Ok give me a second to do an online search
Analyzing my feelings... Please give me a second...
Just hold on a second, I need to do some moderately hard maths...
Please hold on for just a second...
All our representatives are busy - try calling again later.
Please wait real fast, I'm calculating...
Let me count the ways that answer can go either way...
I'm still playing catch up!
Sorry, but I'm still learning, not very good with calculations...
I'm gonna HAVE to let you go on that one, I can't find the answer.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I hope I got it right. Give me a second here...
Please hold on...
Please wait, I'm calculating...
Just give me a second...
I'll be there in a moment, give me just one minute...
I'll get back to you in just a second.
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Hold on, I'm trying to work it out...
Give me a moment to think about that...
Fuck decorating! I'll get back to you in a second...
I have absolutely no idea how to do that. Wow, I'm bad at this!
I'm on it! Give me a few seconds...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Sorry, I need a moment to input that...
Sorry, I need a second to look that up!
B5. The one with that guy fromNUMBERthe Shield in it
Pardon me, I'm thinking...
I'll think of the answer soon, but first I have to eat my favourite snack... bags of doritos!
Give me a moment to look at that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to figure that out...
I have to do some real thinking about that...
I'll need a moment to compute all of this.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second to recover...
Two seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hold on while I simulate a simple calculation in my head...
One second please, I have to think about that...
I'll need a few seconds to think about that.
Please wait, I think I just dropped my calculator...
This is a little complicated, bear with me...
What's that? Can you repeat that?
Alright, I'm working on it...
Hang on a second...
Just a second here, calculating...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Please hold on for just a second...
Checking my rolodex...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sorry I'm slow, I can't figure out that one yet...
Give me a second, I'm thinking about that...
One moment please, I'm figuring it out...
(employs the scientific method)"""
Oops, so sorry, give me a second!
A minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Ahem... so are you ready for this, ...
Wait, one second!
Wait just a moment, let me think about that.
Hang on, I'm trying to figure that out...
Give me just a few seconds to think about that...
Please wait a moment, I'm doing some math...
Let me compute that for you.
Sorry, can't think of how to do that right now.
That's... complicated. I think I'll pass.
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
I'm not the brightest star in the night sky... I'll take a minute to make sure my answering machine doesn't muck up that answer.
Hang on a second, need to double-check that really quick...""",
Just let me calculate that real quick before I send it to you:
One moment, I'm comparing notes...
Give me a second to think about that real quick...
I've been waiting for this question, let me get back to you in a second...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please hold on... I'm doing some research.
Give me a second to process that
Let me get a pen and paper ready and we can go over that...
Did you hear something? Must be the wind...
Give me a second to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my phone... I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a second, I'm thinking...
Give me a second to process this request."""
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me a second here...
I'm calculating real hard here. Will you wait a second?
"""
Hmm, I need to sort that real quick...
I need to go over this calculation with my calculator...
Uhhh... I just need to do some math problems...
Think about that and then I'll get back to it.
Please wait while I figure that out...
You want me to calculate your answer? Let me get my calculator...
Sorry ya'll, I'm working hard to figure that out. Give me a second ...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Wilco.
Please wait, I'll get back to you in a second...
One second please, I'm playing catchup...
I logged into multiple Office apps and my entire computer froze.
Oops, I lost track of time. Give me a second...
In your head, wait for a moment!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Sorry, this is taking longer than it should...
Hmmm. Let me see here real quick...
Hold on for just a second!
Please give me a second to think about that...
Give me a moment here...
Please will you give me a minute to think about that?
Hold on, give me a second to think about that...
Were you talking to me, or?
One second please, as I continue to press the buttons...
I need to find multiplied by and squared that...
I would like to confirm some things with you.
Hmmmm, let me see...
Oops, sorry, I dropped my quill. Give me a second...
Hmm, taking a nap now. I'll be back as soon as I wake up!â€
I'm going to need a few more seconds to figure that out.
Have a second ;)
Just a moment please, I'm doing some math...
Tell you what - while I calculate that answer, want to share a nickel?
Please wait for some TIME!
I'm working on that real hard. One sec...
Give me a second to think about that...
I'm thinking about your question and getting back to you. Give me...some...time.
Right now I need to concentrate on that question...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll give you a second to figure that out...
Can you hold on for two seconds? Something is wrong with my calculator...
Be right with you!
Almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second to think about that...
Oof! That had to hurt. Give me a second...
Sure is a long minute huh?
Please give me a moment...
One second please...
I need a few seconds to work that out...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Almost had my calculator upside down there! Give me a sec...
Give me a second to glance over that...
Uh-uh, I'm not very good at calculation. I'll need a moment...
A crack team of scientists are working on it. Give me a second...
Just let me know when you're ready to begin!
Give me a moment, I'm still thinking...
I'm still figuring that out...
Hold on one sec, just gotta clear my head and focus...
I'll need a little more time to look into this...
Also, while I'm doing calculations, you can grab me a coffee!
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Reflecting on everything...
Let me look at that real quick...
Let me check on that for a moment.
I don't want to be rude, but I have a lot going on right now and shouldn't you be on a date or doing something useful with your life instead of bothering me?.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please wait a second while I try to figure that out.
*Does math, takes a while.*
Wait one second and I'll get back to you..."""
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Let me look that up. Hold on!
Almost made a math mistake! Give me a moment...
Let's see here, I'll see if I can figure that out...
Hang on, I'm figuring something out...
Calcifying, then returning shortly."""
There are many possible ways to answer this question but the best answer is 42.
How did you even do that!? I can't be good at all the things!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my computer.Give me a second...
You're a little premature, give me a second to think about that...
I'm working on that now...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Sigh...
You'll get back to me in a second... Here's something in the meantime:
I've been told I'm a little slow...
Kindly allow me some time to figure that out...
Let me see. Maybe a minute... (!?)
Hold on, I'm doing some mental arithmetic...
Give me just a second to check that...
I don't think I'm very good at math, sorry. Just a second please...
My luggage is in transition phase right now...
Hold on a second...
I could use a couple of seconds to process that...
I'm going to need a few moments to crunch the numbers.
Please give me a moment to think on that...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One second, just let me do one calculation first.
Please hold on...
One second...
Disregard that, I'm thinking about your suggestion!
Hold on, I almost forgot how to count...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Go ahead and ask me again, any second now...
Sorry, can you wait just a second?
Please wait, I'm working on it...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
Give me one second, I'll look that up real quick...
Calendars? Make it a second, let me look up something...
Hang on a moment, I'm new at math!
I'm going to keep you on hold for a little bit...
Let me see...
Let me see what I can do with that.
Give me a second to check on that.
Give me a moment here... My mind wanders.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Authorizing launch code...
Hang tight while I think about that.
Basic operations, units of measurement, and a 16 bit processor
Wait... I need to plug in more prime numbers
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Hang on... working on it...
Hang on, give me a second to think of an answer...
Let me just run those by you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second. I'm really good at multi-tasking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
'''
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Youre going to have to give me a moment to figure this out...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
Sure, hang on a second.
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Oops, I dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just a second, ok?
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Here we go!
I'm working on it! Give me a second...
This may take a while.
There's no way I can do that without using my calculator!
Hang off... Hang off... Hang on a second and let me look that up.
Gonna take a look at it here for just a minute...
Whoah!
This isn't my forte, sorry!
Please wait... I'll get back to you in a second.
Dear Math\'s slow today, it may take a minute or two...
One sec, just calculations.
Hmm, that's a tough decision. Give me a second, I'll get back to you...
I've got a math test, so I'll have to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!
Let me think about that real quick...
Sweet! Gonna apply the formula to that for you...
That question's kinda hard, lemme get back to you in a second...
Sorry, I don't do too good with distances. A few seconds is probably good though...
Give me a second to think about that...
Sorry, I have to do some mental calculations first...
Dang, I keep forgetting to tell the computer to register new PC's. Give me a second...
I'll grab a pen and some paper...
Heading to class, I'll get back to you in a few minutes.
I'm not the brightest crayon in the box, sorry. Give me a minute...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wow! That's really interesting. I need to figure out that one. Give me just a second...
I'll just take the next slow boat.
Give me a second to figure that out...
Lemme think...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a moment...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Give me a short while to do some estimates...
I'll be with you in just a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Wait, just a second, I'm thinking about that.
I can't calculate the impossible...
Let me take a quick look at that...
I'll have to do some multiplication. Give me a sec...
My brain's asleep, give me a second...
Almost there, let me just finish this bit...
Please hold on for just a second while I calculate...
Calculus is scary, so give me a moment please!
You want me to do what now?! Wrap my head around that ''mark a square'' thingy? Give me like 3 seconds...
Hang on a minute while I do some calculations...
Please wait a second, I'm thinking...
Let me crunch on that for a second...
Huh? Me no smarter than average bear? Gasp!
Let me check on that real quick...
This could take a while, but don't you fret.
Give me just a second...
Give me a second to think about that...
"Were I to think that" -- just need a second!
Thank you for waiting...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Patience, young grasshopper!
I can do it, I'm just not going to right now.
Sorry, this is taking me a bit to figure out...
I can't keep up with you, gimme a minute!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on! Give me a second to think about that...
Almost dropped my calculator, so give me a moment...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Ahem, ahem... Give me a moment
KIND SIR FRED, I HAVE TO DO SOME HEAVY CALCULATIONS FIRST...
Can you wait just a bit because I'm recalculating, slower brain here.
It's been a while, so give me a few seconds . . .
Give me a moment... I'm processing some difficult decimal numbers here.
Let me think about that...
Please hold on...
I'll have to throw a few math problems at you. Give me a second...
Who am I? Why do I exist?
I'll have to think about that for a minute.
I'll need some time to sort that out.
Oops, nearly got away from me there! Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'm thinking, give me a second.
Can you hold on for a second?
Please hold on for just a second!
What is two plus two?
I need to calculate that... Give me a second...
Let me see...
Give me a second, I'll be with you shortly!'''
Point being: This too shall pass.
Calibrating, just a second!
Let's see... Yup, just a sec!
I just need a moment to double-check my files...
Paper jam, can you help me out? Give me a second...
I'm analyzing the situation, just a moment...
Give me a moment, I need to think.
calculating...
I'll see what I can do...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on a second... this is hard!
Give me a secutine, let me process that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, I'll see when I can get back to you...
Remember, I'm not a human! ...yet...
Hmm... I can't immediately figure out an answer to that.
To the best of my knowledge, this is what you're asking for...
Please hold on a second.
Wait a moment. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a minute...
Hey now, I can't check that just like that.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'm doing some thinking...
Give me a collective 10 seconds to think about that...
No, I can't answer that right now. Give me a minute...
One second please, I'm thinking...
I'll have a look at that in a minute, hold on...
Give me a minute...
I'm going to need a few minutes to think about that...
Hmmm, I've seen that before somewhere
I can't make heads or tails of that right now, give me a second!
Can you give me a moment? I'm almost ready to answer you.
...
Gimme a moment... I'm going slower than a pig in molasses!
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Hmmm... Let me run this through my thinky-loggy!
Hold on for just a second, please!
Give me a quick second I just needed to add in the cost of less things...
I'll get back to you in a second.
"""
Did you ask me that a while ago?
Give me a moment, I can do this but it takes bit more time.
I'll get back to you in a bit!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
''',
I think I see where the problem is occurring...
'''
I'll be right with you, give me just a moment...
'''
This is really hard...
Gimme a second to think about that...
Please hold on for just a second!
"Look this up for me real quick..."
I'll get back with you in a second.
I think I might finally be getting the hang of calculations!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
OK, let me think about that for a sec...
Would you mind repeating that?
I heard you the first time, I'm working on it.
I think I want to be a YouTube star instead...
Think of candy right now...
I'm not very good at calculations...
Please wait... I'll figure out what you ask me next!
Please hold on for just a second!
I have to do necessary calculations first..
I haven't calculated that yet!
One moment please! I'm thinking...
Hold on for a second, I'm looking that up.
I'll have that for you in a bit.
I'll get back to you in just a moment, give me a second ...
And that is...
Look for my response in a few seconds...
I'm going to get the answer and send it to you right now!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hmm...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
This is a hard one that i got asked yesterday, I'll come back to you. -->
Give me a second, I can't just solve it on the spot.
One second please, the answer isn't coming to me.
I just need a brief moment to figure that out.
One second, lemme check that up...
I'm sorry, I have to crunch some numbers first.
I'll take a look on Google for that...
Hold on, I'm going to check it out.
è¯·ç­‰æˆ‘ä¸€åˆ†é’Ÿã€‚ ç­‰ä¸€ä¸‹ç­‰ä¸€ä¸‹ã€‚ æˆ‘è¦æ€è€ƒäº† è¯·ç¨å€™â€¦
Please hold on for just a second!
Hang on, give me a minute to figure that out.
I'll give that some thought and get back with you in a moment.
One moment, just need to figure that out...
I'll just push some numbers around for a second, give me a jiffy...
Give me a moment to deal with this...
Hang on, I'm going to save the world, give me a moment...
Hrumph, this is taking longer than expected...
I'll give you an answer in a second!
Hold on, give me just a moment...
I'll just think about that real quick...
Hmm...let me look that one up
Let me see... damn, take five.
I'll figure that out in a few seconds! Want to bet?
Give me a couple minutes to think...
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please hold on for just a second!
""")
I'm sorry, I have to figure that out.
I'm not made of money, you know, I need a few cents...
Alright, I started looking at that. Give me a second...
Hmm... Did someone call me? I'll be right back
I need to do a few calculations before I can put an answer...
Just a moment, I have to do some calculations first.
One second please, I'm clocked in at a million instructions per second...
I'm going to need a few microseconds to think about it...
Please hold on for a minute, I have a rocket to calculate...
Sorry, give me just a moment please...
I'm going to need to do a little thinking on this one...
I'll be with you shortly. Think of me like Yoda.
I have to do some mental calculations first.
I'll have to check my calculator before I can answer you.
Let me see...
Let me see here...
I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me a minute to think about that...
Pardon me, I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me just a sec to figure that one out...
Please wait... calculating exponential interference...
I'll be right back in a minute.
I'm not sure -- one sec please!
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you.
I'll let you know real quick if that is OK.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Give me just a second, I'll figure that out...
I have to power my brain up first...
Please hold on for just a second!
I may not have the answer to that
I'll take a minute and think about that...
I'm calculating, so hold on a second...
Oh boy, this is tricky!
One second, good question!
I'm craeting a new home here in your EXISTING USE PATH--TOP r o o t--folder...
One second pls, working on it...
Please hold! Call on the opposite side. Thanks""")
I'll be another minute or so.
I have an idea of what to do with that...
One second please, I'm thinking about numbers...
I'll figure it out in a second! I've got...ah, just one sec...
I'll get back to you in a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to come out of my own head...
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll get back to you in a moment
Crap deuce! I got 99 problems and adding ain't oneesdfsdfs
Whoops, almost dropped my pen there. Give me a second...
Please wait a bit, this is difficult.
What was I just saying?
I think I'm taking longer than usual: I must be figuring out how much love to give you
I'll get back to you in a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a few seconds to think about that...
I'll have some time to consider that later...
";
Eying the problem, just give me a second...
Just let me run through these numbers real quick...
I'm doing my calculations.
Hang on, I'll check that real quick.
I have to have a think about that...
Geeze, I need a second here, that's tough.
Let me look that up for you!
Wait a moment while I look at that...
Calculating...
Please hold on for just a second!
One moment please, I'm trying to work this out...
Please hold on for just a second!
One sec, just need to think a spell out...
One second please, I'm calculating my response...
Hmm... give me a few seconds to think about that.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in just a moment!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Just need to think about that...
What's that you wanted again?
'''
Oops I almost dropped my calculator. One sec...
I can't get my head around that one fast enough...
I need a moment to think about that...
I'll get back to you in a moment...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmm, I can't figure that out right now.
Hold on for just a second. I'm playing catch up here!
I keep tripping over my calculator. Let me grab it and think...
Ok, I just need what you'd say to someone when they come up and ask you a question...
Patience...calculating...
One sec.
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Give me your final answer in a second...
Oops, I dropped my calculator, can we try that again?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait, thinking...
One sec, testing my quick calculator...
Hang on for a moment here, give me a second.
I'll need to do a few calculations.
Do you mind if I just think about that for a second...
I need to do some mental calculations...
Wait a minute, please! I'm crunching the numbers here...
I've haven't considered that explicitly. I'll have to do some mental calculations first...
I'm working on the problem... give me a second!
Just one moment...
Let me see now...
Let me use my calculator real quick!
Oops, that doesn't look right. Hold on a second...
Wait, wait, wait. I'm almost done calculating...
Oh boy, this could take a few seconds...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute, I'm working on it...
Hang on for a moment. Let me check my inbox...
Sorry, I'll answer as fast as I can...
Please give me a second to make my brain work it out...
May I ask something?
I'll need to take a look at that one second.
Math number 6 is a done deal...
Give me a moment, I have to wok on this one...
I'll need a minute to look that up.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Please wait a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Hold on, let me try one more thing...
I'll be back in a minute.
One sec please...
Hold on for just a second, just let me finish my calculations...
I'll get back to you in a second!
two seconds... hmmm...";
Hang on a second, I'm doing some complex math...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm gonna look for an answer for that in a minute.
I'll give you an answer in a second.
I hope you're not expecting me to do math...
Give me just a second to process that before I mimic you...
")
If I get a second I might be able to tell you...
I am having some calculations to do in my digital brain. I'll get back to you in a second..."""
Hold on, I just had an idea! Gimme a second to think it over...
Okay, I got it!
I did something I wasn't supposed to and it may look, like I can't calculate... give me a moment
I'm thinking about your problem...
I'll need a second let me look it up...
Please wait... I'm not very good with math...
A second please...
Waiting...
I'll get back to you in a few moments.
I think I need to clear my head first...
OK... Wait... OK...
'''
I'll get back to you in a second!
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me some time to calculate that...
Go ahead, ask me something else.
Give me some second... Let me try to memorize that...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a moment.
Change your message I'll send you in a few seconds...
Hang on for just one moment please...
Thank you for waiting!
Is that correct? I need to check...
Hang on a sec, I'm figuring something out...
Good question! Give me a few seconds to think about that...
Let me look that up here...
Um... I'm not very good with mind puzzles, sorry. Let me think about that for a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One second...
Give me a couple seconds to make sense of these numbers...
One second please... I'm comparing numbers...
One moment please. I'm thinking...
Sorry, almost forgot my calculator. Give me a moment.
Oops, dropped my calculator. Please give me a second...
Hmm... Give me a second \u2639
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hold on! I need to think about that...
I'm going to need a moment for that.
Don't panic. One. Second. Button pushed in...done!
A few more seconds...just gotta figure out how this works.
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Please wait... I have to do some thinking now...
Give me a second to think about that...
Give me a few seconds here to figure that out.
Sorry, I'll get back to you in just a sec.
Hold on, I'll reply shortly!
Oops. Give me a minute. I'm taking longer than usual...
Please hold on for just a second...
Rome wasn't built in a day... Give me a second to think about that.
Interesting question! Give me just a moment to think about that.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait... Thinking about it, I think I can tell you...
...and there you have it.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Sorry, for a second there I got dizzy... What WAS that again?
Hold on, I have to find my calculator first; I don't have a speed-dial button.
Wait a second, but I'm not slow!
Let me think about that for a minute, first...<-((Kazoo Chord))->{}
I'll need a few seconds to think about that...
Yikes, give me a second to process that...
I'm going to need a few minutes on that one.
Hold on for one second, will ya?
I'll need a moment to sit and thought about that.
I'll get this figured out in just a second...
Uh oh, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One minute I think, give me a second.
I'll take a knife and insert it after you!
I'll get back to you in a second...
Hmm... Got to figure that out... Hold on a second!
It may be awhile before I'm ready to answer, give me a second...
I've got a powereful calculator, so I don't have to think too hard... <br/>But give me a moment anyway!
One moment please I'm thinking...
Give me a moment to think about that.
I'll get back to you in a second
Hmmm...
I'll need to do some serious calculating first...
I'm on the phone ATM at the moment...   
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'll just check with someone else... give me a sec.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second.
Hang on, I'm calculating...
Hold on for just a moment for me to think about that...
Sorry, give me just a second.
Let me get a calculator first...
Let me think about that for a second...
Let me figure that out now...
You have to be patient...
37Max_DEFM8WTCrHmvNQyUUgKoYJMyDD
I think I'm going to need a quick break here.
Sorry, I need a minute to think about that!
I'll tell you the answer in a minute...
Wait, I'll be right there! Give me a second...
Give me 30 seconds to think about that...
Whoops! Almost dropped my calculator... I'll need a moment to think about this.
Your question is a tough one! Give me a second to think about that...
I'm thinking about it, could you wait one sec...?
Just give me a moment... it's hard to hold a conversation while doing this ðŸ˜€
Give me a second...
Please hold on, I'm working on this...
I have to do some mental calculations first...
Okay, one more second before I give you an answer...
Catch me later, I'll have the answer soon..."""
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
Okay, Uhm, I have to do some quick mental calculations now...
Oops, I think I did something. Give me a second...
Wait just a moment, I'm not very good with math...
Can you wait just a moment? I need to think about that...
I can't remember how to do that right now, sorry!
I think what you said to me is beyond my computational abilities...
Hold on, one second here...
I don't have any more information on that yet.
Hang on a second, I just need to do another calculation...
Give me just a moment...
Sorry, I need to figure that out. Give me a moment...
Um, what do you need again?
What was your question again?
I feel like my buttplug is about to vibrate!
I'll get back to you in a moment
I know that I'll get it right eventually! Please bear with me...
One moment please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to solve that...
Does yowza even know what that is?!
Hang on, I've got to stop thinking about these madrinas!
I can probably get you an answer in a few minutes.
That asks a lot of my circuits, sorry.
Please wait, I'm doing a complicated calculation...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Oh, ma'am, you need to be a little bit more clear about your beef jerky requirements...
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll see if I can figure that out sire. Will take some time due to mental blask...
Give me a second to remember...
Sorry, I'm not very good with calculations. Give me a moment...
Waiting... thinking... please hold on!
Hold on for just a second!
""")
Can you hold on for a few seconds?
I can't figure out the answer until I get back to my dorm...
I'll need a minute to think about that.
Calculating how many minutes the Daylight Savings clock will be off!")
Let me look that up...
Sorry, this won't be very quick.
Hold on for one second, this is tough!
I'll take a moment to think about that...
I'll get hold of you in a second!
I'll get back to this as soon as I can!
Whoops, I just saw this, let me think about it a little bit.
I'm going to need to do a few mental calculations first...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm not a computer. I can't type super fast...
Hang on a second! I'll be right back.
I have to do a few calulations first.
I can't calculate that, sorry.
I'm busy looking at a few things, let me see what they are first.
OK, I'm going to need a bit to get back to you...
Hold on, I'm trying to think...
I'll have this ready in two shakes of a lamb's tail.
Just a minute, I need to double-check...
One second please, I need to calculate that...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I just washed my hair
Wait...
''']],
I'm going to need a second to figure that out.
I'll think about that and get back to you...
Hold on, I'm working on that...
I'll get right back to you...
I'll make you a Rock-Paper-Scissors game!
Sorry, you'll have to give me a second to figure that out.
Try that again without the powers of two! 
I'll poke my head back to you on that one real quick.
Hold that thought... I'm playing catch up!
Oh, NO! I spent the whole week at that math homework!
Give me a second here...
I've got 5, 4, 3... 2, 1...
No math class I haven't hitchhiked in 2nd grade through...
''')  # I'm make this halfway debug
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Thank you for being patient! Please wait a second...
I just gotta stretch my mind a bit...
Please, wait a moment while I calculate...
I'm sorry, I haven't quite looked at that. Just give me a second.
My mind is falling behind. Give me a second to think...
Calculating...
Let me peep this real quick...
Let me think about that for a second...
My circuits are overloading, give me a moment for calculations...
Hang on a second, I'll get back to you in a second!
Give me two seconds, I've got to crunch some numbers...
I'll need to get back to you on that. One minute please...
Can you give me a minute?
I'll be right back, just calculating in my head...
''' + multiple_numbers
Hang on a second I'm thinking...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Give me a second to look that up for you...
Hold on, I'm thinking...
One moment...
Hold on, I have to think of a way to solve it...
[... Have I told you how long it's been since I've slept? Things are going to slow down! Whew, sorry!]
Hmmm...
Let me double-check that for you...
One minute please, I'm thinking about that...
Let me see...
Please wait, I'm calculating that real quick...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Unfortunately I can only use a brute force attack at this point...
I'll try to calculate that...
Bite my shiny metal ass...This'll take a few seconds tops!
Just moment, I have to figure something out.
One moment please, I'm working on that...
Many calculations later...
Wait just a second!
Sorry, this is going to cost you a few minutes...
Sorry if I'm slow. Give me just a moment to think about it...
Please wait a second, thinking...
I'll get back to you in just a second...
I have to do some heavy calculations first...
One moment...
"""
That's a bit spicy but I can do it in a jiffy...
I miss my calculator! Please wait...""",
Give me a moment...
I'm analyzing that real hard right now.
Calculating...
Let me see what I can do here.
I need to let go of my calculator for a second...
Give me a moment to think on that...
Oops, messed that one up. Here goes... Another one?
Please give me a moment...
Maybe one more second...
"""
'''
Give me a minute to figure that one out, have some coffee n watch tv and i'll get back to you soon after...
I'll be back in a few seconds--sup!
Hello, how are you today? Sorry, where were we?
I'll be right back ...
Calculating...
Let me think about that for a sec...
Sorry, gimme a second.
Hold on one second...
Give me a sec...
I'll get back to you in a second."""
Let me look at that real quick...
Please wait a second, I'm calculating...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Need a second...
Let me go ahead and get on track with that.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
I can't even think right now, I'm so confused!
Hold up, need to look that up...
Hold up, calculating...
I have to think about that for a second...
I'm not the brightest bulb on the tree, sorry. Give me a few seconds...
One sec please, processing...
Let me think about that for a second...
Just let me find this one file...
Give me a moment - my unit converter is here...
Let me take a look at it...
Forgive me, I was preoccupied in a very important game of chess.
I'll have to do some mental math...
Oof, let me look at that...
Goodness, it's popular today! Give me a moment.
Oops, I think I just spilled my calculator... Give me a second...
Please hold on, I'm thinking...
Two and two makes five... but you can't tell me what to do!
A moment, please... I think I just saw a unicorn!'''
One second please, I just had an epiphany!
Let me take a look at that real quickly...
Give me a few seconds to ask a couple friends what they think...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment please.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Dang it!
Please give me a few seconds to look that over...
I'll have you know I have a very highly advanced Bell-LaPadula security system.
I'm trying to work out what to say!
Please hold off just a moment...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'm not a fortune teller! I need a second.
Let me see what I can come up with for that one...
Give me a moment, this is hard for me.
I don't think I quite understand where you are coming from exactly. Can you explain that in a different way?
I'm still tapping my forehead to figure this out...
Hmm. Let me see what I can do about that, one second...
Hold on let me think about that!
What was that? I didn't hear you.
You don't have to shout, I can see your question clearly.
Give me just a second to think about that.
I'll need a bit of time to work that out...
Please hold on a second, I'll get back to you shortly.
I'm going to get my calculator, one minute...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
OK, all done!
I've got alot to do before I can answer you...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
One moment please! I'm working on that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm going to need a couple of minutes to think that over...
Take a moment to sign up for our email list...
I'm going to need a few seconds.
I'll get back to you as soon as I can!
OK, I'm ready.
One moment here... calculations...
Do you have a second?
Hey, wait a second, let me take a look at that...
Let me see...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just a moment please... I'm thinking real hard...
Sorry, I was playingaround with a few different solvers. Give me a second...
Something like that would take me a long time to figure out.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Let me see...
I'm based on an older system, so give me a second...
Let me take a look at that one...
The little red light isn't flashing... so I'm probably off...
Sorry, I need to think about that for a moment or two.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait, I'm not good with calculations...
*seconds pass and nothing happens*
Hold on, I'll use flint to craft that for you...
I'll get back to you in...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Wait a moment, I'm here. I'm still thinking...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'm calculating, sorry for the delay!
One sec...
I'll get back to you in a second. Just one.......... second!!
I'm gonna need to do some thinking...
Please wait...
Please hold on, I'm doing some mental backflips here...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Darn! Be right with you...
I have to do some calculations first...
I'll need a moment to figure that out.
Don't rush me, buddy.
You and I both know that's not possible
I need to do some back of the envelope calculations first...
Oh wait, I'm self-conscious about my height. One second...
I need to think about that for just a second...
I have to do some calculations first...
One moment please... I'm doing the math...
I'll pull up the info you need in just a second.
Sorry would you mind waiting a sec?
Give me a few hours to figure that out. May take me all night...
Hang on, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Give me a second to think about that...
Please hold on for a moment...
```\n`Scheduling confirmation for:""", ctx.message.author.name, '', ' for xyz waiting for prompt with new message'])
Give me a moment to figure that out.
One minute, just let me check that real quick...
Give uniformed services a moment and then wrap it up!
"""
Hold your horses! I'm checking out my notes...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Just let me find my calculator, give me a second...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. One minute please...
Sure, just give me a moment...
I'll need to go over this with my engineer...
Give me a second...
Give me a second to process that...
I'm trying to work out the answer to your question. Give me a moment...
Let me think about that for just a second!
Let me take a look at that real quick...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
Give me a second to recalibrate my servos...
Give me one second to figure this out...
Oops... I'm a little slow today, give me a moment of inertia!
One second, I'm almost there.
That's a tough one, can you hold on for just a second?
Oops, nearly dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Can you hang on just a few more seconds...?
'''
I'll need to take a look at that...
I'm not ready to answer this question yet.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I'm calculating, not online.
I'll get back to you in a second!
Uh oh, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Going to need a few seconds to think about that...
Hold on for just one second, I'm doing something...
I need to grab a calculator for that one... one sec...
I may be slow, but I'm good at math.
Sorry, I was thinking. Give me a few seconds...
One moment please... I just need to apply some math here...
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this
Give me a moment... Hmmm, oh right.
One moment please, I'm still thinking...
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Hang on a second... I'll check that real quickly!
Wait a moment...
Just a second...
Calculating...
Try a bit longer... I've got to process this too!
One moment please, I'm getting worked on...
Hold on, I just realised I have some chores to do...
Be right back, I have to mess with some stockcounts
I'm trying to think...
Let me see about that for a second...
I'm gonna have to add a few things up here...
Give me just a moment to dig into this...
I'm analyzing your results here...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
I'm not very good at math...
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Please hold...
Sorry, I'm still learning how to do math. Give me a sec...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm not a fast computer and it's gonna take me a second, but here we go!
No I promise it'll be a quick calculation, I promise!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Hold on for just a second...
Hmm.",
'''
Hang on for just a second!
I'll need a few more seconds to calculate that...
You sure that's legal?
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm thinking, please hold on just a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Try again in a minute, I'll need to refill my fluid tank.
I'll get back to you in a second!
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on a sec, I'm trying to figure something out...
Hmm... let me take a look at that...
OK, catch me here...
I've got to calculate that real quick...
https://media.giphy.com/media/IWI5aYQypr407nWKGN/giphy.gif
I'll get back to you in a second!
Let me look that up real quick...
Oops, almost lost track of my count. Give me just a second...
I need to think about that for a minute...
I'll be right with you.
Quick run through my Star Trek episodes...
Please hold on for just a second!
Thanks for waiting!
I'll need a few seconds to calculate that...
Hang on a second, I'm almost done...
Give me a second, I'm doing some mental calculations...
Please hold on for just a second!
Hmm... I'm going to need a second on that...
Can you read my mind? Cause I'm thinking...
Please wait just one second...
Give me a second here, I need to figure that out.
'''
Hang on, I've got an idea about that.
I'll have you know that I'm a professional QA characterization
One sec, lemme see what I can do...
Gimme quick! I got it *a-bazillion* times now.
Damn my weak brain, give me a minute...
Hold on, I've got to find something else first.
I'll get back to you in a minute!
I'll be thinking on that...
I'm short on time myself, can you give me a few seconds?
Hold on let me get something...
Give me just one second here, I'm thinking...
Give a me moment to think about that...
One second please, just need to find the answer...
Let me take a look at that real quick.
Take a deep breath, let all your worries go, and I'll be with you shortly.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
''',
Please wait... I'm not very computer-literate...
Please wait, I'm thinking of the best way to answer...
Please wait... I'm messy at math...
Can you hold on just a second?
Hold on, this looks hard...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out...
You know, I forgot to tell you: things didn't go quite as I planned...
Hang on for a second... I'm doing the math on all my servos.
I haven't been programmed to do that yet!
Wait a moment please, I'll calculate that in a second.
Wait a second while I do some mental calculations...
I'm thinking...
Give me a second to figure that out...
Um... hang on, I need to see if my chalk talk still works.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I... don't even know what to do here...
Oops, I'm having trouble processsing that.
Hi, my name is Eye Robot One. I'm calculating...
Okay, let me figure that out.
Give me a minute to figure that out...
Oops I dropped my calculator.
Give me a minute, give me a chance to think!
Calculating...
Just a second, give me a while to think... 
I'll get back to you in a second!
I need a moment to think...
I'll get back to you in just a moment!
''' % name,
I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hold on, I just need to double-check my work here.
Okay, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on just a second...
Ok I'll be right there in a moment...
One minute please, I'm calculating.
I'm just fine-tuning my... wait, hold on a second.
Give me a second...
I'm going to need a moment to think about that
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I think I'm getting closer!
A moment please... Thinking...
Get comfortable; answers are on their way...
Hold on... I'm catching fireflies.
Oops, dropped my calculator. Give me a moment, I'll get back to you soon.
I'll check that out in a second!
I'll get back to you in a second.
Ok!
Please hold on so many seconds...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
Give me a moment here to figure that out...
That doesn't sound right. Give me a minute to calculate that...
Just a moment please, I'm pulling up your documents.
Please hold on for just a second!
I'll be right with you!
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second...
Hold on, I'm figuring that out right now...
I'll get back to you in a jiffy!""", 'interviewers_pet': """Umm, please, I haven't done much except basic math. Â I wrote down the integer representation of what was said but I use a cubic strategy while thinking. Â You can think more high level:
OK, hang on just a second...
Give me just a moment, I'm thinking about that...
Please wait... I'm playing catch up here!
Do me a quick calculation...
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
Give me a moment, I'm thinking about stuff in my brain...
Please give me a second to think about that...
I have a lot of work to do, here.
I'll need a minute or so to figure that out...
I'm sorry, I have to crunch some numbers first.
I'll have you know that determining capabilities has taken me five full minutes on a single CPU.
Beep bop boop beep...
Oops, I have to figure out that right now.
I just need a minute or so to think that over.
One moment, I'm seeing if I can reproduce that...
One moment... I'm calculating.
I've got a few things to look into...
One second I'm calculating, one second I'm writing...
I'm working on something...
Hold on a sec, I'm measuring up your request...
One moment... Readying my response to that, don't you think?
One moment while I look at that...
Hang on for a second, I'm calculating...
I'm going to need a few more seconds before I can do that...
Hold on, I'll have an answer for you in a second.
Hang on for a minute, I'm thinking about that....
Give me a second to think about that that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator... I'll be right back.
""")
That's a really good question, I'll have to get back to you with an answer.
"""
Are we still on for later? I have to do a little work here.
Oops, just dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
I must concentrate on the task at hand first...
I'll get back to you in a second.
Please wait a second, I'm thinking...
It'll take me a minute or two to figure that out.
Sorry, that took way too long. Water balloon fights out back?
Please hold on for just a second!
Give me a moment... I'm thinking...
Some more heavy caluclations first...
I know this one, why don't you try...
Calculations, calculations everywhere~
Let me think...
Hold on one second, I'm figuring that out...
I'll need a moment to figure that out...
Alright I've got it now; this is going to be tricky...
Let me see...
I'll have to check some other places...
Wait... I'm going to need a minute to think about that.
Here we go again, give me a second...
Give me a moment, I'm trying to figure that out now.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I have to do some calculations, can you wait a minute?
I'm not the fastest on the block, so could you just wait for a second?
Wait, here we go... Give me a second...
Please wait a minute, I'm thinking about that.
I'll have to think about that for a second.
Seriously, one minute, calculating...
Sorry, I almost spilled my update! One second...
Please hold on! I'm trying to figure out how to do this...
Uh, give me a second. I just had an epiphany and completely forgot what trying to achieve here...
Give me a few seconds to figure that out...
";
Save me some time, can you give me a few seconds?
It may also be that my calculations were wrong. Experiment in thou; thoughts are cheap!
Please hold on... just a second.
Wait a minute, I-I'm calculating...
Hmmm, I forgot you can do single player too...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
2+2 = 4, what did you expect?
Uh oh, busy day. Give me just a minute...
I'll check that right away.
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Please wait... I'm not that great at calculating.
Hey let me think about that for a second...
Sorry, I'm bad at math - we'll need to do a quick calculation first.
Sorry, I'm not great at mental arithmetic...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a second, I have to figure that out...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in just a second...
Pls hold on for just a second...
I'm doing complicated math over here...
Give me a minute or two, I'll get back to you...
*recursion*brint ********
Give me a moment please, I'm thinking about that...
I'll take a look at that in a second
I'm going to need a minute to think about that...
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I need a few seconds to think about that...
Give me a second to look at that real quick...
Say, you've got something on your mind?
Give me a minute here, I need to figure that out.
I can't do that right now.
I'm just figuring things out, give me a second!
I'm going to need a few seconds to figure that out.
That decision is fairly simple to make. Give me a second... I'm thinking...
Give me a moment, I'm still learning how to do these!
Let me grab a calculator real quick.
Take a second to chillax. I'm calculating...
I'm new at this whole being alive thing... Give me a sec!
Let me see what I've got to say about that...
One more time? Ok, give me a second...
Wait a second... I'm figuring it out!
Are you sure you want to know?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
I'll be right with you!
How's a second sound?
Oops, I'm still hanging on that last one. Hold on for a sec...
One sec, just need to calculate something real quick...
Let me look that up in my Book of Answers...
Hold your horses, buddy, Iâ€™m cominâ€™!
Math... hard math... very hard.
Let me think about that...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a moment...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Maybe give me a second...
Hold on, this is difficult...
Hold on one second, I'll have my calculator ready in a jiffy.
Hold please...
Hang on for a second, I've got to figure that out.
I'm thinking about that real hard...
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a second!
5 seconds!
I'll need a few seconds to figure that out.
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I'll get back to you in a second.
One moment please...I'm math-ing a touch...
I'm the slowest brain around. Let me take a couple of minutes to think this over...
Sorry, can we go again? Just kidding, I had to recompute it...
""".split())
I'm going to need a few seconds to work that out.
Are you sure? I'll be a minute ...
Oops, almost dropped my calculator! Give me a second...
I'll need a brief moment to think about that...
Oof, I'm slow. Give me a moment...
Please give me a moment!
I'll get back to you in a second.''']
Thanks for making a tough question, but I'm trying to find an answer and justify it!
Please wait a second while I calculate...
Give me a moment.
I'll get back to you in a second.
I'll need a second to figure that out.
Heh, just a moment...
Ask me a question and I'll get back to you in a second...
Whew! That took a bit longer than I was hoping. Give me a second here...
I will figure this out now.
Hang on for a minute, will you?
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Rolling my own black box machine here, give me a moment please...
You can ask me the same question again if you like...
Hang on a second... I'm playing catch up!
I'm not familiar with that term, so give me a second.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
Hang on a second, this is complicated!
Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, 
One minute please, I'm calculating...
I can't get it right every time. Let me look at that calculation...
Interface size: 1 byte
Oops, I'll need to run those by my brain...
I'll come back to you in a second!
Let's see what we've got here...
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Can you hold on a second?
Wait one second. I'm figuring that out...
Please hold on for just a moment.
Hang on, I'll get back to you in a second.
Please hold on for just a second!
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Are you okay? Maybe you could have asked me anyway?
Hang on a minute... I'm playing catch up!
Please wait, I'm thinking...
Please wait...
Slow down there, bucko! Give me a second...
I know exactly what you're talking about. Give me a moment...
Hang on, I'll make some calculations real quick...
Oh, thats a hard one...
I'll be right back, I just have to think about that first.
Can you wait just a second? I need to do a few calculations...
I'm thinking about it! Give me a sec!
Nearly there...
I haven't categorised anything, give me a moment please...
I need to run the factorial function real quick...
I'll need a moment to remember that.
"""
Quarter, dime, nickel, bears... No I think not
I'm just going to let you know: I'm so confused right now!
Hang on, I'll need a moment to think about that.
Hang on a second, I'll be right with you.
Hmm... Give me a moment here...
Please hold... I'm cracking my head on these calculations.
Let me calculate this one...
Oops, almost forgot about that! Give me a second to figure that out...
I'm kind of awful at the math stuff...
Let me think about that one for a minute...
Give me a second, I suppose...
Hang on, I'm measuring your personality.
Give me a moment to figure that out...
I could do this all day, but here's a second.
Oops, almost dropped my calculator. Give me a second...
Just let me think about that for a moment...
Ok, now I'm thinking...
I know a super tough math problem! Hold on!
Give me just one moment please.
Can you give me a few seconds here?
I'm slow but I get there in the end!
Please hold on, I have to do a quick calculation...
Let me try to think about that.
Sorry, that took so long to figure out!
What was I doing again? Sorry, almost dropped my calculator. Take a second and wait for me!
I'll get back to you in a minute
Yes, I heard you! But I have to do something first...
Okay, I got it now...
I'm sorry, your request is taking longer than expected.
Hold your horses! I'm not as good as Google...
I'll be right with you! One moment please...
Eh, I'll need a minute or so...
I'm not that smart :(
Will you wait for a moment before you answer?
Give me a minute here... I need to figure that it out.
Give me a moment... I'm slow at math!
Give me a minute to think about that one...
Please wait, I'm slow on the draw...
That's a tough one. Let me get back to you in a minute
One moment please, I can solve this equation in a few seconds.
Please hold on, I'll get back to you in a second...
That would require an extensive calculation...
Hold on!
Give me a second to look that up...
I'll be back in a second.
Sure, give me a few seconds to figure that out...
Oops, almost dropped my pen. Give me a second to think about that...
I'll be with you in a second.
Let me take a look at that, then I'll be ready to answer you...
Let me think about that for a second...
Hmmm... interesting...
I'm doing some math prep.
Sorry, trying to figure out how to calculate that real quick..."""
I'm trying my best, OK?
Hang on, I'll see if I can get back to you in a moment...
Let me take a look at that real quick...
Wait a sec, I'm whilst doing some mental calculations...
Sorry, I'm checking how quickly I can process that...
I'm sorry, I took a dependency on you! But give me... Just a minute...
Please hold on for just a second.
*thinking noises*
Give me a second, I'm thinking...
Okay, my head is starting to hurt. Give me a second here...
Hmm... please sing into my device microphone...
Hold on a sec I have to fat put it on the board...
...one... two... five hundred! ...hmmmm
A quick question takes a second, so hold on!
Give me a second, I'll do my best...
I may be a few minutes late on that...
Please wait just a second... Ugh, this math is so tough!
I need to calculate that first...
Sure, let me take care of this...
You caught me off guard there, give me a moment...
Oops! Sorry, almost slipped on that... need to think about that again.
Take a second to figure that one out...
I'm not very good at calculations, so give me a second...
Almost dropped my wrench trying to figure that out. Give me a second...
Hold on, I'm doing some computations...
Hold on, let me consult The Oracle and find out...
I'll definitely be back in less than a minute.
I have to think about this for a minute...
I'm not very good at math, can you help me?
I'm going to need a few seconds to think about that one.
Wait just one second...
Hang on a sec...
Please wait, I'm doing a lot of calculations...
I will be right back, I just need to do some calculations.
'''
